what's up Melissa how are you hello Joe
we were just talking about caning and
hanging in Singapore hanging now is that
the new one no it's always caning is one
of the forms of capital punishment but
they still they actually hang for drugs
what is Singapore like I've never been
it seems like a strange place because
it's relatively wealthy right yes
upscale and very nice but also ruthless
but you know what happened in like my
generation I've witnessed it go from
third world first of all in my lifetime
really yeah yeah so it's one of those
success stories of nation-building but
it's it's kind of like you know those
snow globes the perfect snow globes yeah
yeah when you like turn it over and like
everything kind of sprinkles that's what
it feels like living in Singapore for me
at least I I had to get out it's just
it's a bit sterile it's perfect but it's
too perfect it's almost like there's a
somebody called it once Disneyland with
the death penalty which is a pretty good
and you get the death penalty for things
like drugs right just possession past
like maybe 25 grams or 25 milligrams or
something marijuana trafficking so if
you have an ounce of marijuana how many
grams is the conversion I don't know I
haven't converted it to 20 your sister
28 grams in an ounce so like that an
ounce is a good amount of weed but 2
ounces of weed you're dead yep yeah my
hanging Oh 2 ounces
wow that's that's weird you can go down
the street and buy that at a store yeah
I used to show your driver's license oh
you're over 21 and you buy that a store
and it's Singapore they'll kill you for
it how many people have they killed for
pot I I don't I don't know about that
but I do know like one time they
actually executed a Australian citizen
who was on transit so he didn't even get
all the airport he was just kind of
carrying the drugs on transit well to
whom oh yeah I was hanging it's always
hanging and what would do you remember
what kind of it was he selling drugs he
I he was carrying quite a bit he was
definitely trafficking it Jesus Christ
yep zero zero tolerance policy yeah
that's great how did it go from third
world to first world so quickly I guess
the founder you know the country
well now the founder of the founding
prime minister mr. Lee Kuan Yew was
probably one of the world's most famous
modern statesmen he he was resolute like
you know weeded out corruption he was
kind of like very very tight controls on
free speech but very much sort of
neoliberal economic policies so attract
a lot of foreign investment right
because the highest income tax bracket
is like maybe 13 percent it's very low
there's almost no welfare at least in
the sense of how we understand welfare
but there's a lot of it's a hybrid
system so there's there's a lot of like
zero capital gains taxes zero state
taxes very easy to set up a business so
he managed to attract a lot of foreign
businesses to set up their multinational
corporation headquarters in Asia because
the other alternative would be maybe
China mm-hmm but China would probably
end up stealing all your you know your
your corporate secrets your intellectual
property but Singapore's build us this
is the country that protects rule of law
also English he kind of made everybody
speak English was the working language
so if you want to do set up business in
Asia that was your place to go you got a
like you know if you if you want to try
investment you say okay what's in mine
what's in my region and how can I be how
can I have a competitive advantage so
that was that was how Singapore really
developed and you know just gained a lot
of traction as a state the average
American knows Singapore because that
kid that got caned now it's that stupid
movie which movie crazy o crazy rich
Asians right right yeah I never saw that
was it good uh I didn't like it cuz I
don't like rom-coms oh and like come on
the premise is like a girl an American
Asian girl is like dating this guy from
Singapore he she doesn't know he's rich
and she finds out on the plane there
it's like the most bullshit things
it's just conspicuous consumption I mean
it's it's got some you know the city
looks beautiful and in fact I kind of
grew up with some people that that lived
that lifestyle but I just don't like
that kind of Moody
it's it's it's a chick a chick flick got
it you're not into chick flex your
Instagram is hilarious by the way that's
very Twitter your Twitter okay I get
them confused sometimes your Twitter
feed is really good it's it's both
insightful but also very funny yeah I
try to play both sides but the problem
is like you know I think I think today
there's a bit of a if you're if you're a
girl and you're you're kind of funny
there there's a bit of a sense that like
people really take you that seriously so
I've been told to tone down on jokes
who's telling you that well I'm also you
know I run I run this major nonprofit
organization and I won't tell anybody
what it is or keep it on the down-low no
it's a it's it's a really well it's kind
of right up your Elliot you know it's
it's a organization that that really
tries to promote pluralistic thinking
and and you know basically exporting
ideas to the part of the world that it's
often censored and and you have
narratives that are just not you know
not exposed to people are not exposed to
the Middle East so you know we thought
you know we spent like what eight
trillion dollars on the war on terror
and what was the results right like we
we marched in and say okay we're gonna
bring freedom and democracy to people
but if there were no cultural
institutions to kind of nudge people to
understand why they should value freedom
and democracy is it really a surprise
that it failed to take root there so
that's what you know we basically the
organization's call ideas Beyond Borders
and it's kind of self-explanatory you
know we basically take acquire the
rights to books that are not available
there translate them into Arabic for
free and then we just like load it up on
the library site anyone can basically
access that and download it and we do
Wikipedia - so like 10% of all Wikipedia
it's an Arabic English Wikipedia mmm and
so we basically try to
you know like for example George Orwell
doesn't exist in Arabic alright so like
if you look it up would you even
understand what the word normally means
right yes so how did you get involved in
this um my co-founder is Iraqi refugee
and he grew up under Saddam and it's
it's I met him when I was in grad school
and I was really compelled by what he
was talking about you know just like
somebody who grew up in Singapore - we
don't really have freedom of speech
right so the issue was that like for me
I just felt like growing up I was not I
was kind of like all right you know what
my issue is felt like there was no
freedom of thought freedom of speech in
Singapore the government just kind of
controlled everything sorry my heart
rate was like so high cuz super drinking
this stuff is that what it is thank ya I
was worried that you were nervous called
Bank how many do you have
my second one you a eight pounds the
fuck are you doing you're so tiny
this is so much are you gonna I know I
know you're gonna be the first person to
die in the show no no please don't
sorry I mean this stuff is like caffeine
I'm fuckin with it sorry my second one I
have second ones of those you you
probably weigh like 80 pounds so like
seriously I'm fine come on right but
you're very small that is a lot also
heating me up right now sorry yeah your
heart rates great I know I can feel it
it's like I can see words I don't know
it's it's getting crazy sorry sorry
better just take some deep breaths time
yourself down I know did you drink that
to get pumped up for the show I this is
my pre-workout so when I when I did my
morning workout I drank one and then I
was like you know what I didn't really
sleep that much last night so I might
need another oh my god yeah sorry I've
had people come in here that are on
adderall and that's always the weirdest
one because you just like
you gotta slow down like we're on
different paces not you
I need a downer I definitely need a
downer spot but pot doesn't work on me
oh right what kind of bot any I bet the
pot we have a work on you up to 50 I've
done 55 milligrams edibles that's
ridiculously low
I do 200 every time we go to the airport
yes okay but I'm like Joey mm all right
maybe I just haven't got my game yet you
can't say pot doesn't work on you okay
but I I so far have been unable to
respond to really yep mmm in smoking it
or eating it or both both Jamie is with
you with the eating he's got some weird
genetic disorder that doesn't it doesn't
work with him like edible he can take a
thousand edibles and just hang around
people yeah but so that's a thing like
people are immune some people are you
see it that's not some people get
withdrawals too
you know I've talked to people that get
actual physical withdrawals from
marijuana and I used to be really
skeptical about that but these are
people that I actually trust and they're
like wow I would you know when they
would go on tour like if they have to go
places and they didn't have pot they
would get literally they'd get shaky
they feel weird and then they realize
that oh this is my body's withdrawing
from THC apparently it's very rare but
common enough so that it's in the
literature they really they've
documented people that have like a
physical response to withdrawing from
marijuana yeah I'm I'm I mean I'm
looking forward to more research being
done on this stuff anyway yes yeah we're
headed there yes
yeah but then Trump recently said
something about trying to I know I'm
surprised he was comparing the way they
handled drug dealers in China with Swift
fair trial yeah
did he was he saying Singapore no but
but that's how they do in Singapore with
Swift fair trial and the death penalty
is what he said there's a resurgence of
this in Asia you see it in the
Philippines as well so yeah 30 days has
this extrajudicial drug war that he's
been launching so it's I understand the
concern with the plight
I understand that people are really
worried that people getting addicted to
drugs ruin their lives
the devastates families people dying of
overdoses from fentanyl and all these
different hazards that are associated
with drug use and drug drug dealing I
understand that but this sort of archaic
way of handling it and death penalty
talk in 2020 I know like it's and in one
country completely decriminalized all
drugs right was a Portugal yeah yeah the
results low everything
lower incidence of HIV infection lower
drug addiction lowered overdoses lower
everything lower crime rate I just don't
it's just messy
it's not like if there was one thing you
could do okay if we do this thing then
no one gets addicted to drugs and no one
dies from overdoses well then you do
that thing but there is metal
Equalization no one would they certainly
would though people definitely will die
of overdoses if you make drugs legal
across-the-board the one thing that you
do that's good is you stop all the flow
of money into illegal drug sales so all
the people that are selling Dror most of
it at least
all the cartel money all that stuff goes
away because the cartels are making
billions and billions of dollars selling
to the United States and other countries
in itself to and they're doing it
because it's illegal because it's a
business they can capitalize on that
American businesses are not capitalizing
on and violence goes down term assuming
there's a correlation there's if you go
back to what happened in the United
States during Prohibition what it did is
pop up organized crime it propped up
organized crime and a pretty spectacular
way and it was because there was a
massive amount of money to be made
selling alcohol the desire for alcohol
didn't go away the legality of it went
away
right so illegal sales went through the
roof and the people that were selling it
were criminals I just think it's part of
the human spirit you know that if you
say you can't have something yes we'll
just there's an old Arabic proverb that
which is prohibited it's always wanted
yeah and whatever you you kind of like
you just drive it underground if you if
you
try to manage it's the whole spirit of a
punk-rock of like fu to the system and
that just lies in almost you know every
human heart we actually see that with
our books for example you know a lot of
books are actually like transmitted on
these telegram groups in Arabic hmm
looks like that sam harris writes you
know richard dawkins these kinds of
ideas that are really super censored and
in the middle east so you you know
that's kind of the gap that we're trying
to plug right now it's that since books
are not available in that language it's
you know i think there's this crazy
statistic more books are translated
between english and spanish and one year
then english in arabic in a thousand
years
wow it's kind of crazy that this kind of
crazy so the exposure to those ideas
yeah exactly yeah right
the only other options get these people
to learn english which is far more
difficult time of course of course and
and you know your your average person
living in say syrian refugee camp isn't
going to learn that quickly right you
wanna meet people where they are right
so i think the statistic when we first
started 10 percent of english wikipedia
what's actually in arabic which means
that every time like for example let's
say you you're like oh jamie go google
this right and and and you expect an
answer it's just it's just at the tip of
her fingertips it's so it's so baked
into modern life now we don't even like
think twice about it but imagine if like
you live in i don't know say saudi
arabia and like okay let's just google
it 10 out of every 10 times one time
there's no answer because the page
doesn't exists or you know it's just the
word feminism doesn't exist in arabic so
you can't look at what secularism
doesn't exist it's kind of its how do
you expect people to to kind of break
out of their of their mindset of their
indoctrination you know and it's it's
not we're not saying like this is a
top-down thing what you have to read
this it's that i just want to live in a
world where being ignorant is a choice
for everyone because because there's a
choice for us like let's say like we no
way now you're like dumb and just just
like basically you spend your nights
watching The Bachelor or like you know
whatever it is
it's like I'm most amenable I do too I
do but I know I'm judging but I know
it's listen it's they also are into
interesting things but I know some
people do consume mindless non so my
friend cam exclusive calling you shaming
him yeah you know you know you watch
that shit which one the female
bachelorettes Oh God I only know that's
still going on because I'm at the
checkout line in the supermarket like
why is that they're like it's so strange
that people are even interested in that
I know it's no it's a weird thing very
weird thing yes that ignorant would be a
choice would be nice right yeah so so
what you're saying is that these part
parts of the world one of the problems
of getting them to shift their
perception of the world is that they're
not exposed to all the great works
they're not exposed to the different
ideas different ideas in different
different debates and they have a
monoculture so monoculture because of
you know society is they have religions
they have ways of life that are just so
deeply entrenched right and then you
also have a really really heavy
censorship both from your authoritarian
government and also from your religion
mm-hm
you know the first word for example the
first word in the Quran is actually read
really but they really mean just read
this one thing and you know just the the
sort of like the habits of a free mind
are not really cultivated and also when
you're taught I mean growing up not to
question things and in part I understand
because I think when you grew up in an
Asian household with like you know tiger
parents there's this sense of like you
don't question my authority
you know so it permeates culture from a
very very young age and imagine like if
you kind of grow up in that environment
you're going to internalize all those
things and that's why it kind of you
know it follows you over time so when
you were in school you're taught no
questions is this yeah it's not like
here it is like there's no such thing as
a stupid question Chad there are in Asia
there's different stupid questions over
here - but you're told you're at least
told that we're given Chad a break
but I understand what you're saying and
that must be really interesting for you
to go from this one fairly restrictive
environment to a fairly open environment
correct and did that shift that happened
in new and being exposed to all these
different I did that spark this desire
to help other people sort of expand
their their their ideas and what they're
exposed to yeah because well I felt like
a fish out of water we're gonna
Singapore I was always the person that
like the teachers had a call like you
know your daughter's asking too many
questions she's disrupting the class
what kind of questions all right I went
to Sunday school to I was like I was
that kid who was just like you know
excuse me but why why do the dinosaurs
what why is in the Bible that the
dinosaurs and and and human beings
walked you know basically like days
apart when like we know from science
that you know it was millions of years
and fossils is about you of course of
course yeah no I did we're like just
keep her out of we just rather her not
come to Sunday school really yeah yeah
no answers there was no one that tried
to like sort it through and say listen
must be that God was testing people and
this is why that's what my mom would say
really but in classic it's just you know
it's how there's no there's no culture
of dialectics of of having dialogue and
and and we're finding our positions is
that it comes from authority right this
is a very Confucian culture so it's like
well I am your teacher so it is the way
it is right and okay that's one level of
it and if you say grew up in the Middle
East asking a question could be death
right if you if you even remotely like
Satan Saudi Arabia especially remotely
reveal that you might be having
atheistic thoughts
that's deaths was like we're talking
about different scales and degrees of
censorship and consequences for that and
I think when I met my co-founder Faisal
you know I was like okay I guess I have
I had issues with the country I grew up
in but for him it was he ended up almost
being killed by al-qaeda for just like
starting a blog talking about you know
the importance of secularism and and
countering violent extremism really yeah
that's how he came here is their refugee
so
I'm like oh shit maybe they are you know
how did he almost get killed by al-qaeda
uh well cuz when when the u.s. invaded
Baghdad and he was living in Baghdad at
the time and al-qaeda took over his
neighborhood once that was avoided said
almost ousted right and he was kind of
like you know roaming around and like
telling kind of telling the US Army
certain things like okay you know like
this is where al-qaeda is Lisa's
cellmate my friend here it has been like
radicalized hmm and all kind of new they
put him on a hit list you know because
he was not sympathetic to their cause
and so he ended up on the deathless his
brother was killed just horrible story
Bridget I she recently interviewed him
on the podcast and and I get the sense
that like oh shit like the consequence
of saying what you think there is like
at least in my case was just like hey
maybe I might go to jail
in Singapore well but in Iraq it was
death I think it's hard for people in
America to really grasp what that
environment must be like because we're
so accustomed to this idea of freedom of
speech and it's so engrained yes
it's so engrained yeah rebels are
appreciated and tolerated here you know
they're rewarded yeah it's the whole
maverick thing I think you know as long
as America still can celebrate Mavericks
and tolerance not just tolerate them but
actually celebrate them yeah we're we're
gonna be fine
right yeah hopefully hopefully the thing
is that if it exists the way it exists
in other parts of the world it can exist
like that here like the worst cases of
human behavior when you see you know any
form of dictatorship or control or
propaganda or controlled by the state or
by industry that stuff that you see in
other countries is human beings in 2020
I mean are we would like to think that
our Constitution bill of rights and all
of our ideals and what this country was
founded on is going to keep it from
deteriorating like that and most likely
it will but the reality is
those people in Iraq are human beings in
2020 and they're living in a completely
different way than we're living right
now at the st. on the same timeline
because things did not go well there and
they're stuck in this horrible situation
where they are controlled by these
religious fanatics and they are stuck
and there's not a lot that they can do
other than escape right and you know
right now also like with the rise of
China they're also you know starting to
like basically some form of like
electronic tyranny right they're able to
just really censor the internet in the
way that's been done president it you
can't access Facebook Wikipedia it's
what none of it none of these things
that you and you and I can just like
open on our our apps can be accessed in
China so the way they just like control
information and now exporting those same
tools to other authoritarian countries
or in the world is that part to me is
dangerous because you know I think both
basil and I came to America with this
like alright this is the place that we
can finally be ourselves and think for
ourselves right yeah and we're starting
to see that the whole world seems to be
kind of going in the other direction did
so there was a shift in China and the
shift was it was initially a completely
communist Society and now capitalism at
least in a monetary sense is embraced
yes so this is giant shift in what China
actually is which corresponds to this
huge growth is it possible that in the
future this shift could move on to other
aspects of Chinese culture like
discourse or the way they view the
government or even some form of
democracy that was what we expected
that's what we expected that was the
theory but but the way China has behaved
now you know they call it socialism with
Chinese characteristics that's the
official name of this long-drawn game -
you know Institute market reforms
uh sure in riches for the for the middle
class lifts a lot of people out of
poverty but in a very controlled way in
the way that's like see that's the thing
about like Asian culture people
understand it's that the there's a
fundamental difference between the China
dream and the American dream right and
si Jinping is outlined what he thinks is
the China dream it's it's it's basically
a top-down way to - it's a goal to
national goal and and basically what
they're trying to say is that okay we're
gonna lift a lot of people out of
poverty but you have to your generation
has to make sacrifices it's not about
the individual it's about building a
strong China and implicitly also about
you know ensuring that the CCP stays in
power the Chinese Communist Party stays
in power but it's it's that you might
have to give up you know personal
sacrifices for the sake of China versus
the American Dream is is bottom up it's
about your right to life liberty and the
pursuit of happiness that's it and if
you do that that's the American dream
and if you achieve a certain level of
happiness you achieve you know it's all
like it's bottom-up it's not it's not
centralized and it's not something that
the Chinese government is kind of trying
to stuff down your throat and China's
willing to play the long game so it is
still a Leninist Lennis Marxist
government see Qing think still believes
in all of that that's why it's all sorts
of Tala terian but it's you know they
know that like the way to get game power
in the world is to get rich and they did
it on some you know on the backs of on
the back of trade with other countries
through very unfair practices actually
in many cases so if you think about like
how they I think there's there are a lot
of estimates of how much they've
actually stolen from the United States
in terms of intellectual property
corporate corporate espionage now even
like academia is being infected so how
so
it was arrested the head of the
chemistry department at Harvard oh
that's right yeah but wasn't that they
didn't they think that that guy was in
connection with some weaponized virus
yeah no no I admit I didn't think about
something else there was an article
linking some Canadian researchers to the
virus no but this was this was
differently how
the chemistry department and Harvard was
found to have lied about receiving money
from the Chinese government so there's
this program from a thousand talents
program in China basically they're
offering a lot of money the New York
Times did a really good expose you'll
miss them they basically offer money to
like academic cuz you know it's kind of
sucks to be one here in this end so
flake you're not paid that well but
China's dangling like a lot more money
and okay view if you do research here in
China there's going to be like less
bureaucracy so that's their way to lure
these people in so he was hiding the
fact that he was getting income for me
okay how was he hiding it he just he
didn't report it Oh
and anyway right and so at the end the
day when when you do when there's a
relationship they're trying to own your
research right if you're researching
something sensitive that's a big issue
there was an article today where they've
confirmed that Huawei has some sort of
third party backdoor with a lot of their
electronics yeah there was a lot of
speculation so why the United States was
banning Huawei from the major providers
from you know because they were very
close to releasing some and they have
some amazing phones and they were really
crazy to use them yeah yeah just on
principle
in fact like one of my girlfriend she's
kind of sponsored by iWay she's European
wanted to take a selfie of me and I was
like I am there's no way that my face
could ever be you know in your phone
really that tell me why like what is
what are your thoughts on it
oh wow way is is really another just
apparatus of the the main party the
government and you know I I really think
that Huawei is with respect to the next
era of the digital world is the next
Sputnik like it is the Sputnik issue of
our time and we should be doing
everything we can to to to not allow our
way to you know have this big market
share and the person who started it was
somebody that had a lot of party
connections to to the I think it was in
general or something and it's really
they really operate in a way that's very
opaque and you know anyone doing
business in China will
have to have connections to the
government especially when you're that
big and because it's it's a government
that has such totalitarian control over
everything you can expect that that
whatever information or that they would
have to answer to the government
whatever the government wants if you're
willing to put your privacy in the hands
of an entity like that you know
go ahead but know also that the Chinese
government has enacted all these mass
surveillance policies it's I just
wouldn't trust
I just want to trust them so what is
different between Huawei and there's
many Chinese manufacturers of cell
phones and we shall me yeah it's it's
the it's the government connection is
the only one that has that deep
government connection well though the
founder at least was general that much I
know um and just a lot of party
connections and you know just it's also
heavily subsidized by the government
which is one of the ways that China has
been competing kind of unfairly in
global markets right whether you have
you can drive out innovation in the
United States by by making sure that
your local version is so competitive
from prices that they can't match you so
in a way it's like a form of economic
warfare which is one of the the issues
that Trump is really pushed back on it's
the China trade issue mm-hmm and he's
been criticized by about that do you
think he's correct on China yes on China
yes I do think he's correct he's been
pushed back on it's interesting because
I think the Democrats were a lot more
you know protectionist when it came to
trade right there the Republicans and
the libertarians always like free trade
free trade everything like you know
let's globalized the world where was the
whole Thomas Friedman position when he
wrote about it in Lexus and the olive
tree that if we globalized the world
that economic that you're at you lift a
lot of people out of poverty or your
economic pie grows but your politics
shrink that was idea right no two
countries that have McDonald's would
fight a war or something like that that
was his theory hmm
and in the case of China obviously that
didn't happen right like the part about
the politics changing it was a quote by
a Hanuman protester he said if the free
world hasn't changed China China will
change the free world
whoa and if you think about what
happened with the NBA yeah the whole
daryl morey yeah explain that because
that was shocking to me because the way
they were capitulating to China I was
you know I was a little stunned because
it was so open yeah and can you explain
what happened
so Daryl Morey who was the GM of the
Houston Rockets he tweeted out basically
a little picture that that showed that
he supported the Hong Kong protesters
and the Hong Kong protesters have been
added since July of last year 2019
they have been protesting the incursion
of Chinese control into their supposedly
autonomous region China promised them
that there would be two systems one
country two systems after the handover
in 1997 from the British to two to China
they slowly kind of eroded that in many
ways and their freedoms have been kind
of you know diminishing over time the
straw the straw that broke the camel's
back was actually this policy that they
passed this law they passed that said
that anyone can be extradited to China
for trials basically it was after a case
that happened the criminal case and the
Hong Kong people knew that this law if
it goes in effect basically gives the
Chinese government legal right to
disappear kidnap anyone and bring them
for trial in some sort of Kangaroo or
show trial in in in China and that has
happened so booksellers it's always the
booksellers in Hong Kong have been
kidnapped because they were publishing
these lights inside her accounts like
dirty secrets of the you know the CCP
whenever there was a leak because the
the Chinese Communist Party's huge the
political euro was huge and so there was
a book seller called causeway books and
they were publishing all these like
accounts from within the Chinese
Communist Party and the owner of that
bookshop one day just disappeared
he ended up in China I was basically a
forced kidnapping and he he was released
I think he was you know he did his jail
time and now he's sending up another
book book shopping with Taiwan but but
that law basically would just have
allowed China to do that legally this
time so the Hong Kong youth were up in
arms they you know they were tired of
all their the ways that their way of
life had changed since the British had
handed it over and you know in a way
they were kind of pining for the good
old times the good old times when they
were under a colonial you know an
English colonial master which was one of
those like moment for anyone on the left
and so Daryl Morey tweeted this out and
of course you know how big the the China
market is for the NBA right like all
these players have contracts with them
in fact the Houston Rockets hit a lot of
contracts with the Chinese CCTV for
broadcasts they also had like
merchandising opportunities sneakers
that were made there and that caused a
huge huge outcry in China they were just
like oh he's disrespecting us and they
were able to force him to basically make
a groveling tweet that's it I'm sorry
for hurting the feelings of the Chinese
people and then like all the other some
NBA players actually came out and and
you know kind of took the side of the
Chinese government like oh wait who are
we to you know they kind of like did
this backpedal thing when when they're
so strong on other forms of activism
here like when the NBA when it came to
the North Carolina the bathroom bill you
remember like the channel they were they
were always on the side of the woke but
then when it came to the China Hong Kong
issue they stood with the biggest
oppressor yeah it's always hard when
someone does side on the woke like what
do you are you doing this because you
think this or are you doing this because
you think it'll make people think more
highly of you if you do it it's such a
contrived thing today it's so difficult
to figure out why people are acting the
way they're acting so when they were
acting in that way it was so transparent
it was there was no
Avenger votes about it like they were
pressured and they were worried about
the money they were worried about
economic you know yeah whatever fallout
yeah whatever fall will happen right it
was really obvious it was like whoa this
is not like trans people using the
bathroom this is like you guys are
threatened right exactly
yeah but the number of companies that
have count out to China's you know
orthodoxy is there should be a list
somebody should be keeping track of all
of this they're companies like Marriott
even like luxury brands so I think
Versace or Dolce & Gabbana got in
trouble because I think on the website
they list it like countries that were in
and it was like they put Hong Kong Macau
and Taiwan and China said no no no wait
what are you doing this is all China
right if you don't change that website
you're not going to be allowed to do
business and everyone wants a share of
the Chinese market that's the problem
it's like the biggest market in the
world
maybe India's bigger but well at least
in the future India will get bigger but
everyone wants access to Chinese market
so so they're able to use that as
leverage to basically bully companies
even movie execs to produce the content
they want so several I think World War Z
was affected you know the other movie
was Doctor Strange the Marvel movie
where the character played by Tilda
Swinton was supposed to be a team and
monk but you can't like Tibet is this
like hot-button issue for China right
like people have been fighting for
independence for a while the Dalai Lama
was exiled so they changed the character
it wasn't a Tibetan monk it was this
they changed it to a Celtic monk and
they made it to be a woman playing the
character instead to appease the Chinese
government so they they changed it in
the American version as well yeah so
that woman well American version is
right because the studio is they're all
going in on these deals with China
China's financing all these movies now
Wow so that woman in dr. strange was
initially supposed to be a Tibetan monk
Wow yeah but they check they rewrote it
to reflect a celtic celtic female monk
yeah well
and then I think the recent the the Top
Gun movie that's coming out with Tom
Cruise - partially financed by China and
they have these like his jacket people
noticed that there was a patch that was
like missing and it turns out like that
patch it was like a for some reason
China was just triggered by it and it
was gone just in the costume this is it
yes it was the problem it was Japanese
fire that's the time when he's like yeah
the USS Galveston see it
Wow but but that that's what that's what
makes it so scary that they're able to
pressure people to change their behavior
from afar without no bullets this is
just money money access so many whores
that's why I think like one of the
solutions to this is to really like
start I know somebody should really
start a website maybe me me so just
track all this stuff all the companies
that have kept our Kyle Tao into China
all the ones we're standing the ground
you know and so you can decide where to
put your money so it's just a giant part
of the market that's the problem with
these films it's like it's probably the
top gun over in China first of all China
invests and then they sell those movies
over there and they're it's an enormous
part of their overall budget right what
largest the in terms of the box office
the outside of the United States the
second largest market is China the third
one is Japan and it's it's a crazy
one-fifth of China basically so it's not
nowhere it nowhere close and you know
we're all driven by profits it's
capitalism I think they try to get
Quentin Tarantino to change his movie
for China I told him to go pound saying
I think so I remember yeah the new one
yeah well yeah but so it's weird that
it's not easy just just throw some money
around and people change their culture
right I mean Google was developing a
search engine for China
you know they well I knew some people at
Google while that was going on and their
their position was if we don't
do this they're gonna copy our search
engine and just steal all the
intellectual property or we can work
with them and provide a censored version
of Google and I remember sitting there
going this is almost like legalizing
drugs like it's messy there's no good
way here this is they're both they both
suck like well it sucks if they steal
you know the intellectual copyright if
they they steal the ideas and create
their own version of Google it also
sucks if Google goes over there and self
censors right and provides them with you
know the ability to filter out
information but I I think also that if
there's also an argument that if it was
Google at least maybe they have one
tentacle in China and so therefore it
might be able to change things or keep a
pulse and you know have their pulse on
something there's the argument well this
they blocked huawei or it shouldn't say
at least but it's interesting that they
blocked Huawei from using all their apps
so Huawei no longer has apps they didn't
have no no longer have access to the
Google Play Store so they're their new
phones they have to have their own apps
yes this is with the the mate
yeah it's p40 this is what it's called
their newest latest flagship phone then
they can't they don't have access
anymore
there's some some apps you can side load
from the web and you can download them
directly to your phone but for the most
part their access to the Google Play
Store is completely shut off so the
thousands and thousands of apps that
feel like if you want if you for a lot
of people apps or everything it's not
the film itself it's the apps if you
don't have Twitter and Instagram and
Facebook and you know whatever the you
know equivalents are in different
countries you kind of shit out a lot
I think reciprocity is a good policy to
abide by right so like if China can
influence us if you want because the
Chinese they always use the their market
as you look we'll shut you out of our
market if you don't do this well we
should be doing the same right which i
think is what Trump had tried to do with
the tariffs we're gonna shut you out of
a market we're going to penalize you
yeah unless you open up some things
you've been you know there
and unfair trade practices for a while
it's hard for us to understand what's
really going on because you know the
news will show this anecdotal story of a
farmer who's upset because there's you
know he's losing money because it
Trump's tariffs and then people go oh
tariffs bad
man you know I think it's a to have a
really comprehensive view of it it's
gonna take a lot of studying you're
gonna have to dive deep and really try
to understand the economics behind it
all and I think most people aren't
willing to do that so we get sort of
sold a narrative on the news I think the
same thing happened with like sort of
so-called like industries that were
important on national security
like steel you know yeah those are
things that we want to be careful how
much we actually do outsourced to
overseas because there might come a time
when we'll need those you know I mean
what happens if you globalized to the
point that China's producing all your
steel and then we have a war and where
it's all steel gonna come from it's just
so easy to be cut off he's really
worried about a hot war um
we're definitely in the in a cold war
right now with China yeah feels but you
know China does have military ambitions
I mean the their actions in the South
China Sea have shown that they do want
to be at least militarily strong they
haven't you know to their credit having
taken any they didn't go into Hong Kong
with tanks or anything right so no
bloodshed on that account yet but it's
one of those things also that in 2047
Hong Kong is going to return to China
fully anyway so they're willingly yeah
20:48 cuz the handover was only like
four or fifty years before this is just
the transition so mmm the long game
belongs to China and they know that you
know that this is not good it's not it's
not and there's no hope in your eyes of
China eventually becoming what they
hoped it would be once capitalism was
sort of introduced if people got
information if there were ways to resist
the encroaching tyranny especially
digital tyranny right there in all forms
so it's not just mass surveillance all
this AI stuff they're there
sort of like collecting people's uh like
facial scams yeah it's it's this is such
a dystopian nightmare it feels like it's
like a science fiction film frankly if I
don't know unless the Revolution kind of
comes from within and now people woke up
maybe it can be averted
but otherwise we're just gonna you know
it's going to be headed to it's as weird
bipolar worlds where there's a new axis
and a new allies that sucks that will
suck that sucks already'
you've seen like their you know Russia
has taken us out of China Pakistan has
taken to the other side of China now so
they're all there there is a you know an
alliance kind of forming you can see it
in you know what happened with the UN
passed this resolution condemning
China's treatment of the Uighur Muslims
in Sindh young yeah and the signatories
to that to that bill that UN bill was
basically United States New Zealand the
Europe a lot of European powers the
so-called you know like these are
countries that are often accused of
being Islamophobes because they won't
accept Muslim refugees or that many
Muslim refugees but you have Pakistan
and even some you know majority of the
Gulf countries siding with China
defending China on on their treatment
with with the Uighur Muslims in Sinjar
and it's one of those things that's just
like what how how is this happening
you know it doesn't make sense does
anybody have a roadmap of how they
expect all this to play out because it
seems that this this could be a real
problem in the future and most Americans
up until this whole the up until this
trade issue with the Trump
administration most Americans didn't
even think about China I don't know I
don't think I think Hong Kong with the I
think that kind of lit you know the
whole bear to seeing the hundreds of
thousands people in the streets every
day
weeks after months really young people -
yeah yeah I think that the thing that
has kind of like descendant to police
brutality like protests against police
brutality now
but he's still going on there still no
and now with the whole chrono virus you
know flaring up there it's it's
highlighting a lot of issues with the
with the Chinese government Taiwan is
another issue still there the three T's
you can't really talk about in China now
Kahneman Tibet Taiwan these are three
things that absolutely you know go now
what year did you come over here how old
were you 17 17
what was this shift like going from
Singapore to the United States you live
in New York then no no your your
hometown right yeah yeah I lived in
Boston for 10 years really enjoyed it
actually
Cole was fuck it no I like it I don't
know I'm a skier sorry I really liked it
but there was huge culture shock in a
way I knew was signing up for I I chose
Amer it's actually easier for
Singaporeans a plug-and-play into any of
the Commonwealth countries because it
was a former British colony so all your
credits would just transfer kind of more
easily to University in England for
example or Australia but I chose America
precisely for the First Amendment real
it's very it was a very strong
motivating factor for me and also just
the the culture of like we said
celebrating weird people yes because I
was weird so I wanted to be in a place
where I thought I would be what made you
weird so a Singapore is pretty
conformist in terms of you talk about
monocultures there there is a conformist
right like there is the right schools
you go to the right paths you take very
entrenched and I really rebelled against
that like you know Singapore chewing gum
is banned right yeah I have chewing gum
because it was banned in Singapore it's
one of those things just like stuck in
my mind I can't I grown up here I
probably wouldn't be chewing this right
now
it wouldn't just wouldn't matter but
when somebody says I can't like like do
not touch wet paint like yeah this has
always been a part of your personality
for the time you were young
yes it was this nature or nurture
don't know I I don't know I raised him
really but so when you came to America
when you're 17 said yeah was that like
yes it was but it was also there were a
lot of culture shocks that I had to
adapt to you know first artists it
definitely felt like a bit of a step
back for me in terms of how in terms of
comfort of living like standard living
the United States was kind of a third
world country compared to Singapore
really yeah what Boston though when I
landed in Logan and we were taking that
drive to you know like at the time I was
gonna be living in Cambridge we win my
underneath like highways I'm like it's
rusting this was kind of like just like
me before the Big Dig was done and the
infrastructure was kind of broken the
potholes your health care what the hell
is up with that so with a step back in
material comforts for me and in
Singapore you know if you grew up even
middle-class like the 50th percentile
family can afford a domestic helper so
many Singaporeans in fact ninety percent
of all the kids I know growing up all
grew up with maids picking up after them
doing their laundry everything so
Singapore is no minimum wage no minimum
wage and so if you measure employment in
that country it's it's in some economic
measurements the way they do it it's
almost like it's over employed you don't
have an unemployment problem everybody
has a job pretty much no minimum wage
but what what how do people take be
taken advantage
how are people taking advantage because
of that well that's why we just are on
average low and that in Singapore
they're not that height the United
States practices what you call
efficiency wages which is you know they
they kind of pay people a little bit
more to to extract a better performance
right incentives matter right but in
Singapore that's not the case but in
Singapore the streets are taking care of
better bridges oh the destruction you
know I tweet a maybe like last week
seeing something like especially now
we're in like political debate season
I'm so tired of this whole left-right
argument like small government no big
government government's a problem got a
solution
it's it's about effective government and
I think that's something that the the
same poor government had really
perfected its its effective governance
it's not about the size we're gonna I
don't care whether this is a policy that
came from the right or the left it's
what works people respond to incentives
right and if you want to encourage a
certain kind of behavior you there's
carrots and sticks to basically
encourage that behavior and so it's
there there are things that the
government would do in a way that we
just would never fly here where you you
know we treasure civil liberties too
much in a way which I personally came
here for that reason but I'll give you a
good example social cohesion is
engineered in Singapore so there's it's
a very very multicultural multi-ethnic
society you have Malay Muslims Indians
Hindus Chinese who are Buddhist
Christians and you know cohesions all
living in on an island city-state that's
about five million in terms of
population and how the government
manages this multicultural project is
that eighty percent of people actually
live in public housing that's very high
it's like a socialist thing right public
housing the government builds for you
and each block has to mimic the racial
demographics of the whole country so you
don't have ghettos right so imagine like
a housing state that basically mirrors
like okay if the total makeup of the
country if 60% Chinese 20% Malay Muslims
it has to follow so you can't have
basically an area like Birmingham in the
UK where all the Muslim immigrants or or
you know something like Durban Michigan
or Minnesota with all the Somali
immigrants you are forced to integrate
it's a it's a way to force people to
integrate and have you know neighbors
that are just not not your own kind and
that's how they've created this like
national identity that's very strong
that's interesting because everybody
would want that but they wouldn't want
an engineered correct
you know exactly everybody would love if
the country if all of our neighborhoods
integrated and everybody just got along
with everybody I think I've always felt
like that's one of the things in New
York has a large advantage over Los
Angeles is interaction people are
constantly on the subway and walking on
the streets with everybody of all
different classes all different
backgrounds and I think that's really
good I think it's good - yeah it's the
contact hypothesis right like if you
like if kids grew up with
leave you had a black friend growing up
like since you were you know three four
you you won't never inure you wouldn't
everything to be racist like it's just
one of those things it's like early
contact with different people and it's
the same with that's what I feel about
ideas too early content with different
ideas really helps and that's that's I
don't know I kind of devoted my life to
to that call it was almost you know
Daryl Davis's yes of course I wrote
about him yeah I was at that conference
that that he was speaking at we were
speaking at the same conference and
that's the conference that Darrell Davis
was called neo-nazi that someone called
him a neo-nazi yeah yeah how do they how
because we explain to people who he is
if you didn't listen to the podcast that
I did with a Darrell Davis as a musician
and he was doing some shows at this
country-western bar and met some people
from the Klan and through just
communicating with them and being
friendly with them over a period of many
months he got them to quit they quit the
Klan on their own he didn't request it
and then over the course of several
years he's gotten more than 200 people
to leave the Klan leave neo-nazi
organizations and he they give him their
robes and their flags and he brought
them all in here and he's an
inspirational human being very much so
but he essentially was reinforcing what
you were saying that these people were
never around anyone like one of the guys
that he met initially was saying I've
never had a drink with a black man
before and he's like how's that possible
he's like I'm in the Klan and he's like
I've never I've never had to drink with
a black man and so he's like this is the
first time ever having a drink with a
black man and like making this big deal
out of it and then eventually Darrell
was going to his
and eating dinner with them and hanging
out with them and then and then the guys
like I can't do this anymore like why am
I on the clan when he quit Wow and he
quit just from Daryl being this really
friendly articulate brilliant guy who
clearly didn't fit their narrative of
what they thought they were racist
depiction of what a black man is right
right so the incident that happened was
this group called missus Milwaukee had
organized a conference called me what
what missus missus yeah
that was the name of the group but they
were kind of like a secular so in the
mythos just believe that Jesus Christ
was a like he didn't really exist as a
historical figure that's what a mythos
is but in any case it is it's a secular
group that put on a conference and we've
been doing that for years
and they had a long side you know people
like sargon of akkad you know count dank
euler the guy who taught his pug to do
this yeah yeah so these people all came
for a conference and so was Darrell
Davis and you know it was it was a good
it was a bunch of people but on on the
spec on on on the political spectrum
basically and it was about promoting
discourse civil dialogue that kind of
thing and Ino was there as well so
basically because you know after when
the conference was happening and and and
Tifa kind of found out about it they
started protesting the conference they
they called the the comp the venue to
basically you know get it cancelled they
said it was a neo-nazi rally Klan really
ironically you know the greatest irony
was that that Gerald Davis was there and
he got tainted as well so I started
calling this the political one-drop rule
where it's like kind of what happened to
you if you are associating or talking to
somebody that or just a whole range of
people like normal distribution of
people you will be tainted by the most
right-wing person you know that you're
in orbit with that's just how it goes
and that's what happened to Darrell so
when we we have the after party to the
conference and Kiefer was gathered
outside the bar the Pittman New Jersey
people cast in pool was there it's
the Pittman New Jersey people had police
had to stationed themselves outside of
the bar and you know they were kind of
protecting this event it was it's it's
ridiculous because you know yes you
might find sergeant's politics
objectionable but why is everybody who's
associated we know what the conference
also lumped in with this and why is the
response that this needs police
protection it's just we're just talking
about it it doesn't make any sense
no this desire to shut down speech is
very dangerous and it's very stupid it's
childish and it's this thing that it
gets it just gets reinforced in that
culture that this you know the culture
of either nt4 people that support nt4
they don't understand the consequences
of shutting down speech you think that
you're just gonna shut down speech and D
platform people that have marginally
offensive views and the problem with
that is first of all you close the door
for them to be influenced in a positive
way or for other people to learn from
them being influenced in a positive way
right and second of all the way to shut
down ideas is not stop the person from
talking it's to combat those ideas with
better ideas and then everyone around
them gets to see the discourse when you
have these debates online that people
discuss these things online it benefits
millions of people yeah when you shut
that down it benefits nobody but your
cause and your cause is probably
incorrect like your your ideas are
probably wrong and in the case of
Darrell Davis you're definitely wrong
he's not a Nazi so if you shot shutting
that down and say these people are Nazis
well you're wrong and you're censoring
people that are trying to get to the
bottom of things and getting to the
bottom of things mean discussing things
are trying to figure out tenable
solutions or comfortable middle ground
that takes forever this is not like you
know you have Christina Hoff Sommers and
she has this discussion and and and they
pull fire alarms and and yell that she's
in nazi-like she's a feminist you guys
are crazy like this and everyone has to
comply with woek ideology 100% with no
deviance whatsoever and everyone has to
take and impossible to pass purity test
it's it's this is a dumb way to
communicate you ever notice something -
it's it's always that it's why is the
concern always that if we have this
battle of ideas that the person would
shift to the right yes why is it why are
you not concerned about the other way
right it's it's kind of like reminds me
of like cuz I grew up pretty Evangelic
of my mom was very religious it was that
she tried to it's okay if you're if
you're a good Christian you might get
corrupted by bad ideas so we have to ban
I don't know like Harry Potter books a
ban in my household it's a way to ban
all the world because it encouraged
witchcraft I wasn't allowed to celebrate
Halloween it's pagan stuff satanic but
but that's what I mean it's like this is
satanic this is evil and it has taken on
this religious dimension this liturgical
dimension because it's well they're
always so concerned that the corruption
is just going like they're gonna drift
to the right of course they're never
concerned that that somebody might be
convinced by the arguments and go to the
left why I don't get that well the
drifting to the left first of all they
think would be a good thing the problem
no I don't II think it would happen
well they don't worry about it they're
not worried that someone would drift to
let you mean by looking at someone's
offensive use and that they would be
more likely to drift to the left is that
what you mean that like okay it's like
let's say we expose everybody to all
ideas right why are we so concerned that
that the individual that they're you
know the target I guess would be would
be shifted right and not shift it left
yeah I know you're saying yeah I think
it's they have an infantile perspective
on ideas and they're worried about
people being indoctrinated they're
worried about what they're not worried
look if you if you have someone talking
and this this person is preaching some
ridiculous thing and someone starts
becoming indoctrinated and gravitates
towards that the real problem is that
these people that are being
indoctrinated are gullible and they're
foolish
that's the real problem and in your eyes
they're going in the incorrect way this
is infantilizing yes there's actually
patronizing it is patronizing yes I
think that's that's what I couldn't
those people are dumber than you
you're smarter you know better you need
to stop these people from being tricked
into this right-wing ideology I mean
I've heard intelligent people make this
conversation about other intelligent
people that disagree with them like ben
shapiro that like ben shapiro should be
deep platformed because Ben Shapiro is
indoctrinating people towards right-wing
ideology by having these salient points
and articulate sentences and these these
rants that he goes on or he speaks very
fast he's got a great grasp with the
English language and it's very
compelling yeah and the idea is that
he's indoctrinating young people well no
he's speaking with passion well I don't
agree with him on a lot of things yeah
but I certainly agree with his right to
express himself and he's not convincing
me who is he convincing like when he's
talks when ben shapiro here's a here's
an area where we deeply disagree gay
people
he thinks it's immoral he thinks he
would never go to a gay person's wedding
he wouldn't have he wouldn't even go to
the celebration the after party of a gay
wedding and i'm like well this is all
for religious reasons i'm like that
there's I think that's ridiculous that's
not convincing me so who is it
convincing is it convincing someone
that's a baby are you dealing with
children are we dealing with uneducated
people we're dealing with people that
don't have positive influences what's
wrong with letting him express these
ideas these ideas are hot I mean he and
I had like a long conversation about it
on the podcast well I was like I think
it's ridiculous like what do you care my
perspective is what do you care and his
perspective is he couldn't support that
because of religious reasons so then we
go deep into the hole with why yeah yeah
but what are these religious reasons
like how deep do you go with this do you
think Jesus came back from the dead like
he doesn't he's Jewish it's a different
perspective but do you think you know
this do you really think that God thinks
that homosexuality is some sort of a
carnal sin and and and and terrible if
so God made everything why did he make
homosexuals please explain that what
kind of a weirdo is God
that he gives people this urge to be gay
but then he tells them fight that urge
and then he makes this comparison that's
like murder sometimes you want to murder
people okay I think that's different
because you don't want to murder people
all day every day I know a lot of gay
dudes want to fuck dudes all the time
it's like it's God did a crazy thing to
their system and for you to believe in
God but have a problem with that to me
is ridiculous so now we're banking on
these really ancient words that were
written by people with no grasp of
science no understanding of biology no
understanding of the culture of the
world no understanding of the the sheer
number of these people and taking into
perspective that you know you're
literally dealing with under what
percentage of the population is gay but
it's a significant percentage so you're
saying all of them are frying in hell do
you know dumb that is that's really
fucking dumb like if they're your
neighbors and they're just happy and
loving what do you care
the goal should be a cohesive society or
people are comfortably being around each
other with all their differences just
nice people just nice to each other
exactly it doesn't matter if you're gay
or straight or trans or black or white
or Asian or fucking whatever it doesn't
it shouldn't matter the individual
should matter and the way we interact
with each other that should matter and
we have to take any consideration that
if you're going to live your life by
these things that were written down
thousands of years ago before people had
any of these understandings of all the
subtle nuances of humanity and all the
differences that people have and and now
the biological understands why they have
these differences well you're dealing
with ignorance your your your applying
these ancient ignorant rules to a modern
world where we have a vastly expanded
understanding of human beings right but
to Ben's credit I mean he's friends with
Dave he doesn't live yeah but he says
he's gonna cut them off to my weddings
like I can't you're a sinner what fuck
off but you know what a lot of us who
have parents who are super Christian
yeah like I understand at the end of the
day you know where that's coming from
she my sister is gay and and at first
she didn't she didn't accept that and
the reason for that it was that it was
coming
a good place like for her it was I don't
want my daughter to go to hell so it's
like it's like it's again the road to
hell is paved with good intentions right
and so so the only reason she was kept
checked into it was because of this
belief that she's gonna end up burning
in hell so it's coming from an
ironically a place of love right um it's
judgy yes and it's based on Bronze Age
ideology yeah but but you know I I don't
think that that either of us ever
doubted that she loved her right and
it's so I kind of understand where Ben
comes from in that sense even though I I
you know it makes me angry like I you
know reject all that stuff it's just
silly
and what's interesting is he's so smart
when he talks about that it's all the
sudden you see stammering and he gets
weird because he knows it's nonsense I
don't know if he knows I don't know he's
just deep he's just balls deep in his
religion which is I like the guy a lot I
really do and I've gotten so much shit
for saying that I like the guy
you need more of that we need more of
the hate the you know hate the sin love
the sinner
it's practiced on both sides but I think
he and I only had we we disagree on some
issues and some political issues but
he's a decent person he's a nice person
he's very friendly he's funny I enjoy
his company a lot i like ben shapiro
i really do i think he's a brilliant guy
right i mean the gay things the biggest
one cuz me that's the dumbest one like
the my my my it always comes back to why
do you care that's all it is to me like
why do you care i don't care like why do
you care someone's gay like if it if
does it affect you how can it how can it
affect you right you do you have your
fingers and everybody's business like
it's crazy yeah doesn't make any sense
to me i mean that's the argument against
the gay marriage like what why does it
offend your heterosexual marriage
exactly it shouldn't well the sanctity
of marriage it's so dumb the sanctity of
marriage how about Vegas you could go to
a fucking drive-thru you can get it you
get married
drive-thru movie theater I mean that's
really what it's like you can't get
married anywhere that's so dumb so it's
so ridiculous I I just I feel like at
this stage of
civilization that there's the we have to
figure out what stuff we're gonna
abandon from the old days and what stuff
we're gonna keep and we've already
abandoned a lot of things right in in
Christianity if you leave you they don't
kill you anymore you know we're not yeah
they got rid of some of the things
during the Enlightenment exactly yeah
they changed a lot of the aspects of
Christianity that we associate today
with more repressive religions exactly
yeah that used to be Christianity yeah
I'm a huge fan of the enlight the
alignment in general in fact be you know
Steven Pinker wrote that book
enlightenment now that was the first
book we chose to translating to Arabic
and then it became the like recently
there were a lot of protests in the
Middle East and we started distributing
that book like it was actually somewhat
the person was the coordinating some of
the protest that was like telling us we
want to give this book out to the people
because a lot of these youths like
they're they're really jaded by by
theocrats in the region by
authoritarianism and and they're like
you know what you know what our religion
had never gone through not the
reformation we don't want the
Reformation we want the Enlightenment
because in Lineman was what could
constrain Christianity in a way yes and
it in it really if you looked at one of
the greatest intellectual achievements
of Europe came out of there right this
idea of the social contract of you know
eroding monarchy absolute monarchy
separating church and state all these
wonderful invent like innovations and
ideas came out of the Enlightenment and
it was you know promoted this idea of
like maybe people should be free to have
their own conscience and think
differently and that's something that
that really really is needed in in the
least well I think the way that your
organization is going about it is
probably the best way to get books
translated get ideas translated to
people that maybe didn't weren't ever
exposed to these concepts before right
and maybe that'll help yeah it's just
that's the thing so you know fluid
pluralism but I see that as you know
that's what we're doing promoting
pluralism this idea that you can have
all these competing narratives and so
you ask me what my
culture you don't like when I came to
America like how what was my my
experience is moving here yes was very
freeing and liberating because I felt
like I went to a place that that was
pluralistic that tolerated all the
weirdos and then maybe in like 2014 you
know things started to change at least
on campus when you know pluralism wasn't
tolerated you started to see the rise of
of this sort of more intolerant you have
to you know kind of kowtow to this
intersectional intersectionality
incredibly so that was an interesting
experience and and I think was
ultimately very detrimental to the to
the the actual project of liberalism
it's it's countered it's you know
working against that exactly yeah that's
that's the really frustrating part of it
okay what you're claiming to be
preaching your ideology is actually
working against it ultimately behind the
scenes and you just can't seem to see
the pattern right where it's going you
can't stop people from discussing things
and say that you support free speech
right that's not free speech you know
and one of my favorite things with Ben
with Ben Shapiro is watching him talk to
those people he is one of the best at
taking questions and just decimating
these social justice warriors gonna go
and watch Ben Shapiro destroy I know I
think that's so good I know I just hate
the way very quick baby and it's not him
he doesn't make those cuts as supporters
but goddamn is he good at it I secretly
laugh at it I know it's kind of bad for
this course I did right out right out in
the open
he's great at it because he's you know
he's logical and very intelligent so
when these kids are saying these things
that you know they just learned last
month in their Gender Studies class and
they're they're yelling and at him and
he breaks it down it's just one of my
favorite things but those kind of
discussions are important first of all
so that these kids realize that hey
there is this brilliant right-wing guy
that can decimate your argument really
quickly he talks quickly to yeah
you know it he'll smash your game he's
very smart and so you need to know that
your argument sucks it's like having bad
kung-fu you know you're running around
the world thinking you're gonna kick
everybody's ass because you've never
really been tested and everybody who
you're trading with says your kung-fu is
amazing and then you go into a gym where
someone doesn't believe in your kung-fu
and fucks you up and you go damn that's
important I needed to know that's one of
the culture shock things for me when I
first moved to America it was that you
know I think a lot of American kids were
taught like participation trophy culture
a lot of them were told that they were
the best like you know like Tommy like
you are yeah you're just like so amazing
and I'm like dude these people it's like
American Idol you know we used to get
the the seasons and Singapore too and
it's like these people can't sing and
that's actually why they're putting them
on they're awful yeah and nobody told
them why are you telling me that like
they've been telling their friends oh
I'm practicing going on American Idol
didn't nobody tell them that bro like
you should just be singing in the shower
nobody told them there's a couple things
going on first of all some of those
people are trolls they're going on that
they know they suck and they're going on
because they're gonna get on TV and the
best way to get on TV is actually the
suck shame like they want to do it they
want to be on TV
look I suppose the fear factor don't
talk to me about shame okay I understand
both testicles actually I think that's
heroic that's definitely not heroic and
it's now a show on the Food Network
right well bull testicles are actually a
common food Rocky Mountain Oysters our
stuff is they don't taste bad both
testicles does not taste bad they're
actually the way they cook them they
cook them well they're actually
delicious okay but there's on there's
there's no shame in doing something that
most people are fearful the singing
thing what's going on is first of all
there's a lot of those people that are
mentally ill that's part of the problem
a lot of those people are delusional
they're mentally ill they have like
legitimate mental health issues and then
they go and sing and they sound terrible
and no one tells them because they don't
have any friends
it's one of the reasons why I think I
think there's a happy medium see the
thing is you know if you grow up in Asia
you're told that you're just a dumbass
all the time and you're kind of kind of
constantly beat down you know if you
come home with
99 over 100 for your math exam your
parents are not gonna save pat-pat well
done you're they're gonna say where was
that one point what did she do wrong and
again you do not doubt that they love
you and care for you that's just how it
is
and and so you kind of internalize that
and and have very low self-esteem and
you know in general like but you kind of
know your limitations right that's the
problem like when I when I moved here
was that I realize like a lot of the
kids I went to school with man I wish
they had that confidence you know it's
like they are they're inflated sense of
self-worth with was just so big but
sometimes it allowed them to get the
good jobs it allowed them to ace the
interview they don't have to do stupid
things like drink this and get nervous I
grew up around a lot of Koreans because
I did Taekwondo from the time I was and
they I mean I thought I knew what hard
work was and tells around these people
and also you can never work yeah Koreans
who and my friend jung-sook who was on
the u.s. national team when I was
younger was in medical school so he's
going through his residency and training
to be on the national team so while he
was studying he would put his backpack
on fill his backpack up with books and
run up the stairs of the university run
up and down stairs to get some
additional workouts and he was trying to
train for the US team while he was doing
his residency that's it's insane
incident he was crazy he would sleep
three hours a night and he was like one
of the best Taekwondo fighters in the
world and it was all through sheer will
and 10-bit but he was explaining that to
me about what it was like growing up is
like you are never good never never had
nothing that were good enough you know
no matter what you do you could have
done better
you could work harder you could always
do more ya know I mean it's it's
unforgiving but it's one of those things
that it's a good illusion it's it's I
think a very healthy illusion to have
that like work equals success mm-hmm
right and and that's why I think you
know people of Asian descent generally
are pretty primed to to to buy into the
Republican politics right pull yourself
up by your bootstraps you
handouts the harder you work the more
likely gonna cheat something that's why
there's just such a natural you know a
lie in terms of to rely on this group
block as a political group that's the
undiscussed racism in academics is the
way Asian people are treated when
they're applying for major universities
particularly for Harvard like they they
literally you have to score higher if
you're Asian because there's so many
Asian people that get in they made it
more difficult yeah just trying to
manage that yeah I mean it's not a
meritocracy anymore like you've you've
decided that they have to do better
right then white people they have to do
better than everybody else
which is crazy I think the insidious
thing in particular the Harvick case was
that they started downgrading Asians on
personality I mean that's the part it's
like okay fine you you want to say that
like maybe you know we don't want we
won't want to like lower the scores a
little for other groups and you know why
but then to downgrade this personality
that's a part that how did they do a
downgrade personality what was the
method that they used to do that so they
said okay we're not just gonna rely on
standardized tests okay so that's the
thing like standardized tests you know
they're they they can be easily gained
that was idea that like you can just go
for more tuition extra classes and
you'll do well well we care about the
holistic package of the applicants so
you want to see more personality
ultimately this is about you know what
Aristotle called the Telos right what is
the Telos of higher education what's the
ultimate goal or essence of higher
education is it to just produce perfect
cogs in the machine of the global
economy or is it you know to produce
engage citizens or whatever it is right
like so however you define that question
what's the purpose of higher education
you could tailor your entrance methods
to meet that and in Harvard's case they
decided well you know we're going to
instead of just looking at your GPA your
essay we want to see you want to
interview the person want to see what
your personality is like can you thrive
at Harvard are you going to be a good
contributing member of this yeah exactly
and you know this is one of the areas in
which consistently you look like the
Asian population that was applying to
Harvard was downgraded in that score
they scored really high when it came to
like extracurriculars academics they
were so strong on on SATs and and you
know all these other standardized tests
but when it came to personality they
were very consistently downgraded so do
you think that that characteristic like
that the seeking out that was that was
applied specifically to try to limit the
amount of Asian people cuz that's the
argument right um you know I don't know
it was done specifically for that but I
think Harvard has a again monocultures
suck in general so you know if you're
gonna look for even for me like I was
coming to study in America like you know
ten thousand miles away right from the
place I grew up I don't really want to
go to school without lot of Asians cuz
like I could have just stayed there
frankly but I I was looking for for for
something that wasn't a monoculture you
don't have to just expand your mind
right so any other day the issue with
Harvard is that it was taking federal
money and if you see Harvard as a
stepping stone to a career to a future
it is unfair it is kind of unfair if
they were penalizing you based on race
that's the hard part of proof whether or
not this was personality or race or some
sort of you know other thing that they
were selecting for that happened to
correlate with race that's the part that
that's hard so is it possible that they
were just trying to enhance the way
people communicate on campus and so they
sort of emphasized personality and
emphasized associate social interactions
and in doing so they penalized Asians
without being aware of it yeah kind of I
mean to be to be honest like you know
when I was in college I only did my
first jello shot like couple weeks ago
and couple weeks oh now yes okay well I
was that typical we don't need to do
jello shots to be in college on a thing
okay okay but I didn't I didn't have the
typical college experience you didn't
party an apartment
you know a lot of international students
who come from Asia will probably fall
under the same
habits like we're kind of like you know
we've been told that there's only one
way to succeed work hard and summa cum
laude and all these things so so a lot
of us kind of are culturally aligned on
that and and you know the do we
contribute to campus in the same way
that you're active student union leader
would who's involved in other curricula
I don't you know I don't know so would
harvard want a diversity of behaviors
and interests yeah probably yes you know
it's like boring stem people what you
want all kinds of different stuff and
you also want people that raise the bar
really high in terms of performance you
do yeah yeah I mean that's that's that
that enhances other people's
understanding of what's possible but as
a private institution you you can make
your student population up the way you
want right that's why you have what
Liberty University which is Jerry
Falwell yeah and it's for Christians
because but it's a private institution
they're not taking money from the
government so that's fine
unlike UC Berkeley state institution
they abolish affirmative action UCLA all
the UCS did look at the population
seventy eighty percent Asian interesting
California yeah why is that this is the
young comfortable you know this is the
part where we just you know like I don't
want saved you know cuz they kick ass
they work harder yeah a more dedicated
more disciplined people are very
uncomfortable to talk about differences
in group up come because we have to kind
of make everybody right the same or else
there must be some sort of systemic
thing but I think that Asians because
they're so hard-working and because they
don't complain this they get people get
away with this stuff where they get away
with discrimination against them I think
they're starting to complain the
lawsuits were filed so yeah they are
starting to but it's like it took that
doesn't like alright you fucks and
there's actually quite a big pro-trump
asian-americans voting bloc mmm you know
this this this particular issue of
affirmative action is really driven a
lot of Asians right word in New York
City that has happened
- under de Blasio really yeah because
it's a public school situation there
what's what does the same thing they
want to lower you know basically in
terms of the public high schools mm-hmm
they they want to institute the same
policies from live action hmm
so that's that's become an issue I think
I read an article recently that Andrew
yang was kind of dragging Asian
Americans back to you know to the left
but no remains to be seen he just
dropped out so yeah nobody's out I
wonder what's gonna happen
yeah I was bummed about that he was my
guy he has some really interesting ideas
and he's so he's so open minded you know
his his perspectives are so uniquely
non-politician yeah yeah and like how
refreshing to finally have somebody
who's scientifically and technologically
literate yes in government yes that was
really my attraction to know what the
basic bitch intellectual duck web choice
either him Oh Tulsi was mm-hmm
but I really really liked him
yeah this whole thing is so strange it
looks like they're trying to fuck Bernie
over again just like they did in 2016
they're just that could we watch that
coin flip over and over again yesterday
yeah from Iowa were like arrest that kid
put him in jail that was an illegal coin
flip the other terrible coin flip the
whole thing is just so weird
it's just seeing it play out and seeing
it play out so transparently so many
what the conspiracies are like about now
they're they're kind of like pitting
mayor Pete against Bernie mm-hmm he's
talked to chat about Bernie he is who a
Abood I yesterday remembered he was
talking about how many billionaires so
many billionaires donate timaya Pete I
was pretty good Bernie it's not that
good and you yang 20/20 dropout fuel
speculation on NY Oh mayor of NYC holy
shit he could do that he could win that
fuck yeah I could he would house mayor
Pete is he still a mayor yeah yes how
you do that that's a bit of a complaint
that's his
giant complaint did he do a great job as
a mayor he's like the bet did he clean
up all the problems of that city he's
he's done enough to make people notice
but I think the african-american
community is not happy about some issue
stuff he talks really well in his
handsome and he's a veteran those are
good things they're like fucking run him
rot him rot him but no people are really
raking him over the coals for apparently
like his you know again he's checked all
the right boxes Harvard McKinsey like
he's too perfect like he was 3d printed
in the DNC headquarters you know yes so
people are very concerned about that
like it's so funny how like this whole
optics and authenticity really I bet for
me that's why I like Andrew Young he was
if you hate politicians which I
generally do he's the least heart to
hate yes he's the one talking to him
he's so normal he's like a guy who runs
some tech company or something that's
what he feels like when I talk yeah yeah
and we that's the thing like you know
with 24 hour exposure or social media
and new cycle this kind of signal is so
obvious in a way that was never before
right we can see normal people now yes
and we know the difference between
grandstanding posturing and just like
yeah so I mean I just but also normal
people don't want to do it you know it's
like the the whole thing of it it's just
so invasive right it should disqualify
anybody who wanted to do exactly but you
know this is a system we have we gotta
do this better than China right
of course yeah right yeah yeah
absolutely as dirty as it is over here
it's still better than the alternatives
that we see elsewhere around the world
right I'm hoping things just continue to
get better I'm hoping more you know more
people understand the mechanisms behind
the scenes and how all the stuff works
and never question for you that way what
do you cuz like you know you do talk a
lot about like woke stuff kind of going
amok great mmm-hmm doesn't not bother
you though about Bernie that he aligns
himself with some characters who are
super woke I think you woke active isn't
particularly yeah well I mean he also
aligns himself with people at Cornel
West
was brilliant and has some amazing ideas
about that and it like looks at it from
a an accurate and educated perspective I
think a lot of the the woke Ness is a
sign of a cultural shift in the right
direction
less racism less homophobia less
fill-in-the-blank all those all the
things that we that trouble us about
like evil behavior and even greed
corporate greed all these these things
that trouble us about the influence that
money has on politics and Bernie
clearly stands against all that stuff
and I think that when you see these the
this woke stuff you know it goes amuck
you have to look at it on a spectrum
it's like the crazy antifa people who
demand 100% compliance with woek
ideology or they'll hit you in the head
with a bike lock versus people who want
single mothers to be able to have free
education and free health care and give
them the economic support that they have
to raise their family and hopefully give
their children a chance at achieving a
successful comfortable life in this
world versus suppress them versus keep
them in this fucked up system that just
throws them in the meat grinder with
everybody else treat this country like a
community like try to do our best to
help the people that are in a
disenfranchised position because there's
so many try to do our best to in some
way economically uplift all these deeply
impoverished sections of our country
that's those are the good aspects of
woek ideology see all woke ideology
isn't just the you need 78 different
gender pronouns and you have to comply
with actually fringe probably it is
fringe but it's also fringe right on me
like it's there's nothing wrong with
being conservative fiscally there's
nothing brought wrong with being
conservative in the way you dress or the
way you behave you know it's like when
you go far right then things get ugly
right you know and it's it's the outside
edges on both parties are the mess most
people reasonable people if they could
have conversations with folks
even if they disagreed on certain things
they find themselves somewhere in
comfortable a comfortable discussion
where you could at least sort through
the ideas and try to figure out why you
think the way you think and why I think
the way I think why how we disagree and
are you right or am I am I wrong like I
want to know you know and and most
people don't these kind of conversations
like trying to figure out if the person
who opposes your philosophy or your
perspective is writing you're wrong it's
very uncomfortable for people right so
what do they do they just fucking shit
on anybody who's on the other side and
they don't talk to when there's a very
little exchange of ideas in between the
right and the left one of the guys I
really like talking to is Dan Crenshaw
who's a right wing guy it's very very
reasonable he's so much for doing that
thing on SNL - yes yes that was great I
mean oh it was such a nice meal couple
to see yes we and it's so rare nowadays
like this you know dividing line between
Brian Levin and things are just so so
hyper hyper polarized so yeah I mean you
can't like guys will go on a Fox News
show and people scream at them you know
why how dare you use that Blake Jimmy
Dore just did Tucker Carlson show and
people would just shit all over the
place for doing that using his platform
and what of course he's using his
platform he's getting good ideas out
there who Tucker Jimmy Dore Jimmy Jimmy
door is an amazing YouTube
I'm sure it's fucking amazing and the
way he breaks down things it's hilarious
but also funny
accurate and from the far left to what
yeah I mean I I disagree with him a lot
politically but like he's he actually
entertains me yes he's an angry far left
guy who's funny and he laughs like
wasn't much either that got the dog that
has the asthma laugh oh yeah exactly
I like people crazy laughs because their
laughter makes me laugh so just watch
for that purpose alone
we need more discussions you know we
need more people that in and the thing
is if you like people gotten mad at me
for having people on the podcast that
are far-right people particularly in the
far
like many years ago and one of the
things that's hilarious is and they said
his show has had this person that person
this person that person all the all the
negatives and you're talking about 1500
plus episodes and you list like five or
six Andrew as if that defines the show
but like I said this is the another
example of the political one rule like
you in an interview like one far-right
person so you the whole ignore Jimmy
door ignored that you have had Abby
Martin Edward Snowden all these people
are like you've done this far right
person your whole show is far right
there for Rogan if a you know it's an
all right person well it's easy to cuz I
look like one like I look like I should
be an all right person we don't why cuz
you work out yeah yeah I'm a bald
Cagefighting commentator you know that
you know what that that's a terrible I
don't know why this correlation has
really started to exist but but it has I
saw I saw an article I think was on the
Guardian that said something like if you
exercise too much your there was an
article about that like exercise is kind
of like a mask like again they're
lumping off concept yeah they're lumping
all these concepts together articles
written by week bitch just taking the
fire sorry no yeah it's it's silly
there's a lot of like really brilliant
people exercise all the time right they
just enjoy it they enjoy having a body
that works really well there's a lot of
brilliant people who like racing cars to
write their you know they just enjoy the
mechanical aspect of racing a car it's
kind of the same thing when you do you
do something to your body to juice your
body up to make it stronger and faster
and work better it doesn't mean you're
dumb you're toxic masculine but this
stuff is insidious because it's bad
enough to be in political silos we're
now in cultural silos and they're
mapping on each other right so one of
the things that happened when I first
moved here with it you know so high cuz
I didn't grow up here I I wasn't I
didn't know what I shouldn't like so
people would say like oh you you're
Boston like you know educated liberal
coastal elite right but then I was like
I love WWE and so they're like that's
all people like you know I'm surprised
you watch WWE and I you know
this was the time of like Hardy Boys and
Lita I grew up with that stuff so people
will be surprised and and they will push
back on it and it's it's it's
increasingly become that way like from a
person's consumption habits what they
like yeah hobbies you're now able to map
what what politics they will have or
likely to happen that's dangerous like
we shouldn't be we shouldn't be going
down this road it's been very comforting
for me to see how many left-wing
intelligent well-read educated people
actually enjoy watching the UFC so
talked to so many of them like you're a
fan like oh right and then they want to
have these conversations with me about
fights and about this matchup and that
match amoral wow this is really
interesting like people that you would
never have associated with being like a
fan of like Robert Downey jr. UFC fan
and we're talking to him Wow Matt Damon
UFC fan yeah any anybody breaking moles
really should be elevated you know like
because it's alright we just get more
and more entrenched in these clusters
right and people are scared to like
things like WWE or like anything they
like you know some some people love the
fucking mosh pits
you know it's entertaining did you not
see what Vince McMahon did yeah but they
don't want you to like what they don't
like which is you know it's thought
bubbles you know that's what it is it's
like people love when you are we people
love when you're predictable right it's
one of the reasons why people love when
people dress up in suits you dress like
a suit in a suit in you act like a
businessperson you you say words that
are you know you you speak in a very
very similar way to the other people
that you work with and it makes it easy
to map out what you're probably gonna do
and how you're gonna react there's a
very narrow band that you're operating
in when you're wearing a suit in the tie
and you're in office there's a narrow
band you could be the asshole suit and
tie guy or you can be the standard you
know work language human being gentleman
you know that that kind of stuff is
that's people like that because they
know that they can kind of predict you
they know where you know where you're
going from but when your accent
when you're outside the box you're
unpredictable and you have an eclectic
taste they don't like it you have
interesting ideas that are completely
irreverent and don't fit into these
patterns like what is what is she up to
what the fuck's going on in her head
she's out there watching wrestling Pro
Wrestling she actually likes it
yeah it's Pro fake wrestling
entertainment entertainment yeah but
some people don't like when you're
unpredictable and they also don't like
their own ideas being challenged it's
one of things that I think that people
love about other people that are deeply
religious if if they if you're deeply
religious and they're deeply religious
they know that they can talk to you in a
certain way well the Lord has a way of
making things work out yes it does Tom
yes it does and they know that you're
gonna think yeah amen you're gonna think
in this narrow bandwidth you're not
gonna get outside that box you're you're
good Christian why no Mike and Mike's a
good Christian you know and all that
stuff I hear about him just doesn't make
any sense it's a good control mechanism
yeah it's easy to hurt people who you
know like exist within this narrow band
well that's why politicians almost
always adopt some form of religious
ideology even Trump Trump was basically
never religious his entire life never
and I always got a religious that lady
but that lady is amazing like she's so
crazy that it's WWE that's what it is
I mean Trump used to be in the WWE I
know I totally remember this lady is
basically like a wacky manager she's
like a wacky manager in the WWE that
talks to God and helps Trump out that's
how I look at it I'm like this is his
wacky manager he's got a character now
I'm sure he's got the fucking crazy hair
he's got this spray tan that doesn't go
all the way to the outside edges and
he's got this whacky lady who I don't
want to say he's banging her but I
wouldn't be shocked hmm no I be she's
gonna hot she can hide a dirty old crazy
religious lady way I am dirty milf
irreligious lady I know she's fairly
pretty isn't she
look at that not bad-looking listen I
like her yeah the way she presents but
she's got the Karen
our style which is not checked the Karen
hairstyle lol look at that look at him
he's not even he's deeply insult no it's
so obvious it's fait accompli again you
don't know he might be a changed man
yeah someone's mine did you know I I
think that's the thing that kind of ties
all the threads of my life it's just
that I definitely oppose you launching
that picture go back to that picture
please
you know who I believe in that picture
no that's not the picture you fucked me
Jamie the picture that we were just
looking at that doesn't matter
see that lady in the the leopard skin I
believe her face she's barely into this
dots she's like what am i doing what is
this nonsense and Trump was like I can't
believe I'm president i won
I'm gonna win again I'll have to do is
listen this crazy lady talked to me
about Jesus so people gotta buy into it
he's it's a great move you know I mean
he didn't go secular at all right but if
you look at his past in his history look
he's not a religious guy and all sudden
he is and nobody even questions it it's
just look service though he's in the WWE
she's his manager yeah Lackey manager I
think I think Obama was similar like I
think is performative is church-going I
don't think oh they get down I guarantee
you they go back they do outer
altogether they listen to a CD scene
they fuck like rabbits she's got a crazy
story does she yeah like addiction and
she came out of it yeah used to be
addicted good even better I think that's
the thing of her journey no the new
singer what do you mean which singer
journeys Jonathan Cain no not the singer
the singer is a Japanese gentleman have
you do you know that journey like the
what was his name Stephen was the
original guy's name Steve Steve Perry
Steve Perry from journey beautiful voice
you know that yeah
well now there's a Japanese guy who does
it and he was a journey cover band guy
and he's so good that when Steve Perry
stepped away they hired him to sing the
songs and it was fucking amazing doctor
guy that's the guy that was the Paul the
spiritual advisors the far right that
guy's the singer the one in the middle
oh wow he's amazing he's very racially
ambiguous um in that picture
but he said he's Japanese I believe he's
Japanese isn't he
am I wrong I thought I read he was
Japanese anyway he's a guy from a what's
his name hmm okay maybe let's Filipino
it sounds like oh you think so okay
sorry I my chances are anyway this guy
sounds exactly like Steve Perry maybe
even a touch better wow maybe not a
touch but you won't hear a little play a
little bit give me a little bit when
jakey a few years back Steve Perry yeah
Steve Perry wanted to bail so I can't do
this anymore man and this guy's like
I'll fucking do it and they listen to
him like damn dude you can do it he
sounds exactly like Steve Perry okay
give me some
[Music]
either
come on
[Applause]
[Music]
brings me back to high school baby
he's amazing wait that that was not now
that's him that's this dude okay okay
yeah a little I like the intensity just
a touch just maybe just sound
technologies that could be you're being
very generous yeah give me a little more
[Music]
come on no idea it's amazing he's so
good I love that that's a great story
that's a human story you know I love the
story like that guys in a fucking cover
band
all right well Sonny's a lead singer
attorney I'm not surprised he smoked you
know though a really good thing okay
they paid little of care they're really
good at pool who Phillips
some of the best pool players of all
time to see on my wall out there I have
two photos of signed photos of Filipino
pool players Efrain Reyes and Francisco
I can't remember his last name but bata
is Efrain raises and de Jango Francisco
Bustamante Francisco Bustamante they're
probably to the top ten Evans probably
number one ever ever from Reyes most
people agree with that and Bustamante is
probably top 10 of all time I'm not sure
we should be even positive racial
stereotypes now or not those are blank
oh sure I know but now they're not
kosher anymore it's not that silly yeah
the reason is what happened is in 1950s
when American GIs were in the
Philippines they introduced pool to the
Philippines and they started playing
under really bad conditions because it's
very moist outside humidity the tables
rolled really slowly and so they
developed a lot of really good skills
under bad conditions and then they would
go to good conditions and they also have
a gambling culture so there's a lot of
gambling involved in pool and so then
pools everywhere they've always outside
cafes with terrible cocktails and these
people got just got really really good
at pool and some of the to this day some
of the best players in the world come
from the pillow fee Philippines like
when guys would see guys in tournaments
and they would have to play a guy from
the Philippines they'd be like oh fuck
here we go Wow
yeah so it's like Chinese and ping-pong
probably I don't know about that though
I don't know too much about that that's
actually true of even skiers right like
so people that can learn done like I
know the actually East Coast gears
they're highly represented in the
Olympics because they train on ice okay
I get like again they're just tough it's
the tough conditions that kind of move
or just it's like fortitude
then you can adapt to any terrain yeah
versus like if you kind of you know grew
up skiing the soft powder of Colorado
can really switch that way I know that's
the thing yeah we're making things
easier for people or making easier
people that's why that's why I have a
you know one of the the solutions I have
for you know you one of the questions of
our time is how we fix journalism right
yes
one of the things I really think we need
to do because I'm not one of those
people that thinks like the msi more
like the media is the problem I mean I'm
kind of part of the media now I write
for a spectator USA which is so so does
Bridgette and some of the other people
that that you've had on your show
Bridgette fantasy all over yeah she's
the one to actually pitch me she's aware
she is really funny I I wish I had the
freedom to be is inappropriate in Hawaii
you say that I wanted to get back to
that because you were talking about will
go ahead with this thing about how to
fix journalism so some of the best
reporting that the New York Times really
does is on the international stuff so
like they've sent people they sent
journalists into like these areas and
seems young to like see what's up you
know like and they would be surveilled
by government officials and things like
that or early even the ISIS files where
you know this reporter in your time for
Porter where Kamini had gone into
Baghdad and like she just went in and I
collected all these documents by herself
and and then you know they came back and
they analyzed it me the
reverse-engineered how Isis was running
their entire operation
this is really good journalism and and
when you kind of focus on the shit
that's going on in other parts of the
world gives you a lot of perspective you
realize that like a lot of woke stuff is
actually very America centric and and it
and if you had zoomed out you would see
that this wasn't a problem the
thermostat issue of you know thermostats
office temperatures you know being
sexist for example because they're too
cold for women that's not a problem when
you have seen how the women in Iran what
they have to deal with and if we just
did a rotation in the newspapers where
every everybody from the from the
lifestyle or culture desk has to do a
stint in you know Saudi Arabia something
reporting from the floor like
maybe they'll just maybe they'll have
some perspective I'm sure well it is all
perspective issue right I mean when in
the absence of any real oppression you
find oppression everywhere
right I define in pencils and yeah like
progress is the victim of its own
success in a way and you know that's one
of the things that because I had a big
impostor syndrome when I first joined
spectator and what they told me was I
was like you know I'm not trained as a
journalist and they're like yeah we know
that but that's actually you know the
chairman said like that's why we want
you it's because you didn't go to the
same schools you didn't go through the
same journalism school so you don't not
gonna think like all the kids are
graduating from say like Columbia you
know for in journalism so we want
different perspectives and it's like in
fact it's a policy that we don't even
ask for where you go to school
we don't ask what you study we don't
care so don't even tell us well that's
how I got like you know on board so do
they just read your writing and say we
just like how you think
exactly no refreshing it is very
refreshing it's wonderful Spectator USA
Congrats to them yeah why do you think
that you can't joke around about things
and why do you think that that in some
way is going to make people take you
less seriously I think people put you in
bins right so professionally like
there's just he said it's this like
signal of like how are you gonna act
right how you dress how you come across
and in professional settings that's
there's an expectation of you as a sir
behaving a certain way now when you're
funny the problem is that that people
don't know like you could say something
but like be totally ridiculous and and
it's it's a joke but but then other
people might take that seriously and now
you're a racist or you welcome to my
world right right but but you're you
work for yourself you're Joe Rogan it's
it's very different if you are you know
if you are tethered to an organization
that you have to represent at the end
the day people can't separate that so
you know part of my job is is is
negotiating deals with many of the
authors that you have on your show right
people like who write best-selling books
trying to Inc deals with them I want
your Arab
Digital Rights for free you know I want
to make videos of your books to video
some reason all these thing we Inc
contracts with them working with
publishers agents and then also
fundraising I have to go to individuals
to say like hey you know it's gonna cost
us $20,000 to translate this book you
know which you want to sponsor it like
you're a fan of this book can we get
this in Arabic for free so when you're
kind of like handling those things and
going into offices and you know
sometimes to go to penguin Random House
and it's it's it's a certain expectation
set of you and I I don't know if it's
it's it's even more true of women though
that like they don't expect you to be
funny or like the funnier you are the
more they take you less seriously mm-hmm
versus then I don't know there seems to
be a bit of a generator right there I
can see that I could see how that would
be an issue but I would like it to be
their problem not yours
I like funny people so whenever someone
says that they're discouraged from being
funny and that's one of the things that
I like about your Twitter page is it's
funny you're very funny
so like discouraging you from being
funny to me he's like why would you do
that you can't separate they're not
serious coming you know no one's gonna
get you on how could that be true how is
it true that someone who's just making
jokes also can't be a serious person
with a really well-thought-out
perspective I know I obviously I agree
with you but it's it's it's just one of
the feedbacks I've got like you want to
be taken seriously with these people
people that are running things maybe you
need your own show maybe you need to
stop working for people no I I mean I'm
still believe in institutions that's why
I'm not like super you know I I don't
want the revolution I still believe that
the way we're gonna change things is
through right now there's just too much
power and I say my heart would like a
revolution maybe what kind of revolution
no I'm just saying I'm not the kind of
person that wants to tear down
institutions right I kinda want to work
we didn't it to change things because
they have the best shot at changing
things so in in that sense I'm not I'm
not that much of an outsider I love this
quote actually Elizabeth Warren said it
she said in life you have to choose are
you going to be an insider or an
outsider
and insider doesn't have the freedom of
speech but he has the power to change
things and outsider can say whatever he
or she wants you can bitch about the
system you can you know be a
whistleblower but you have no power to
change anything and you have to choose
you do that's what was her quote does
that mean to Lakota quote actually no
actually came from Larry Summers I don't
know if that's accurate I don't know if
you have to be an insider or an outsider
I don't I think you have to have
financial freedom so that you don't
worry about someone taking away your
ability to make a living so you suppress
your own thoughts correct that's the big
one but it takes a very you know a lot
of things have to be aligned
circumstantially to have financial
freedom in the first place and but a lot
of that does come from even working
within the institution a lot of people
who have you know huge financial backing
that's why somebody I think Oh Sara
hater who tweeted something like the the
one thing that's not really talked about
is the classs implications of cancel
culture mmm right because it's going to
affect the lower class more drastically
right if you don't have them right you
their capsules yeah of course there's a
huge class yeah that's true it's also
just a frivolous way of treating human
beings and there's no path for
redemption it's like the thought process
of it is so limited because you're not
considering the fact that these these
are humans and these are people and
people learn and grow and they get
better than this not offering any path
to redemption and lumping all yeah
digressions and all mistakes into the
same sort of pile right it's just it's a
childish way of treating human beings
and it's also there's a fear to it that
it's going to come back on you so you go
after them like some of the biggest
creeps are also male feminists right
they're the ones are like really where
do you think that you know you shouldn't
matter Andrew Doyle the other day it was
funny
yes he's amazing that book whoa katana
astok - yeah - tawnie McGrath so I love
retweeting those titania posts because
so many people like what the fuck is
this who is this bitch so mad they think
she's real so but she could be in the
sense that like sometimes she ends up
predicting
oh she's so close to real there's this
like if you had a television show like
one of them after midnight episodes is
that what it is what's it what's the
David Spade show called lights out I'm
thinking the other one the one that
Chris Hardwick used to host anyway you
have a talk show well let's say Jimmy
Kimmel if he had is this - Tommy McGrath
or is this a real activist and you and
you had the quotes backed by a lot of
them are close you you know be
hard-pressed you get a lot of it wrong
we're at the point though in our history
and culture that that we can't even
write better satire than reality right
and that's that's a problem it is a
problem you know when when our satirist
SAR actually ended up end up writing
better stories than or even predicting
you know what's happening like that
well people are losing their fucking
minds there was a video from the
University of Phoenix I think it was
where there's this kid on campus and
there was some pro Trump group did you
see that video the kids screaming and
you the saying you're a fucking fascist
you fucking crap you're out to cut and
he's screaming and he's walking away
from them screaming and making this you
should all have your throats cut just
completely unhinged and I was watching
this I was like II Majan if this was
some kid yelling about Obama and the
Obama administration and the Liberals
me because he's not saying anything he's
not saying the reason why I hate you is
because you detain children at the
border in cages let's play this I could
hear it and play it and give me some
fuck
okay that poor kid needs a hug yeah but
imagine if he was saying that about
Democrats every Republic or every
Democrat can suck my balls every
Republican slashed every Democrat
slashed her throat that would be crazy I
mean he's doing that because there's a
pro student Trump organization there and
so he's screaming that unhinged that's
one of the problems I think we should
not give you know like we should not
give the right legitimate reasons to be
complaining about disparate coverage
right so one of the things that Eric
Trump tweeted yesterday was which I
didn't even know happen like apparently
a van was was was driven into a GOP
tents or something and you know they
want the primaries and it got no
coverage i I did so I I don't I don't
know but it's there was a story about
this and and you know Eric Trump
basically tweeted saying that imagine if
the labels were turned it was just the
other way around right we would hear
non-stop there would be analysis of you
know the far-right problem in America
and yeah so we you know the
responsibility is on the media to make
sure that these people don't have the
argument right the media has to be open
and they have to be unbiased in their
depictions of these things and we don't
really have that kind of media anymore
we have left-wing media and right-wing
media and everybody else is going what's
going on is this who's right he's
telling the truth you flip back and
forth from CNN to Fox News it's like
you're in a vortex of space and time you
don't understand what's what right yeah
it's weird but that kid screaming that
poor kid like what happened where did
you get this slot every Republicans
slash their throat I know come on man
who are you what happened to you and
you're in school so you're learning
something I'm so I'm so weary of sort of
dogpiling on this stuff now I think I
think when I first you know started on
Twitter to I I was always in flaming
like or like retweeting something that
was like oh look at this super world on
the fringe and I'm like no no maybe I
shouldn't you don't amplify that signal
may
maybe this really is a French in that
and that you know I'm just kind of
making it seem like it's a it's a bigger
issue because I I noticed I fall into
that trap sometimes like that was this
one story that came out I think when
Apple release the the new iPhone that
was like New York Post was like you know
iPhone 10x or something was excited as
was criticized as being a sexist and I
think what why how how you know and
apparently because like the phone was
kind of big like they expanded the
dimensions and so like it doesn't fit
the woman's hands and its neatly yes the
old version did and then I was like so I
tweeted that angrily like yeah of course
like everything sex is again like checks
notes you know iPhone sexes and and then
I realized I was kind of part of the
problem because when I looked into this
whole issue it was literally just like
two Twitter accounts and so like an
article was written based on like what
somebody who's anonymous said on Twitter
that was sexist and it could have been
the internet research agency in Russia
just fucking with everybody
yeah or catania it is it so I kind of
stopped doing that stuff is I become
bitter account and yeah focus on
different things I mean you we already
have a lot of good commentator so I'm
fighting this fight right people like
James Lindsay a pedo coach and they're
doing it very rigorously and they're
doing in Peterborough oceans case
they're doing it at great peril like
universities trying to get rid of him
yeah and his papers that they did those
grievance papers are hilarious the
heteronormative and queer behavior and
dog Parsons cross yeah fucking brilliant
right and then he got called up for
apparently manufacturing data yes
which of course that's the whole point
of a hope yes and I know it's it's a
political hit job yeah but it's they
don't like that mirror of mockery they
don't like that you know the spotlight
being on them and to realize how
ridiculous what you guys are supposed to
be some higher Institute of higher
education that's what you know this this
is mirroring what happened when
like the atheist the new atheist started
debating there's the religious Christian
mm-hmm it's like the new atheist were
kind of mocking right like people like
Christopher Hitchens there's bit of a
mocking tone like what you'll believe is
kind of silly yes and but the way they
reacted to it was that like you're not
allowed to laugh about this stuff right
now it's it's always the question is
which side can tolerate humor you're
gonna get on the right side right I
agree yeah as soon as you can't be
mocked and like no one hates being
mocked more than then left these days no
one more than woke people right I I
called my 2016 Netflix special triggered
just calling it triggered got so many
thinking mad right I'm like you fucking
dummies do you know I just did it I just
did it to you I called it triggered and
you were mad yeah no it's just we're in
a weird space right now where there's so
many voices so many people have social
media and so many people have access to
complaining and so you get this bizarre
signal it's like you gotta kind of wet
let it die down a little figure out what
how much this is real and how much of it
is that kid screaming how many of those
people so so I used to say the same
thing because the you know you would see
medical journals reporting the cancer
rates are going up and it's like cancer
rate it's is that really the case are we
having more and more you know incidences
of cancer or is it that our detection
methods have gotten better
like Diagnostics of going brother and
we're just able to catch it at a much
earlier stage so it's kind of inflating
the the case number yes so it's hard
it's really hard to tell and you know I
it seems it seems I'm so you know buoyed
by the fact in the last few months
seems like mainstream culture even
comedy starting to push back you have
more and more people who are say you're
kicking enough with this stuff well come
to the comedy store that's the front
line the comic stores the lease whoa
comedy club in the history of the
universe is it related to the cellar
no okay the cellars really lease woke -
yeah the one in New York stand-up is
pretty unwell and the thing is the
audiences want to hear the stuff that
here mocking all this shit they want to
hear it and they enjoy it and you know
you get pushed back sometimes people get
up and get mad because you said the
wrong word no they'll leave but you're
missing the point the point is to say
the wrong word you know like what what
stand up is supposed to be is mocking
everything that can be mocked and if it
can be mocked it will be mocked and if
it's funny the audience will laugh and
if you like you shouldn't mock that but
it just did that's another yeah quite a
bit that's a weird one too because you
shouldn't punch down if it's not funny
but if it's really funny and you're
punching down there exceptions yeah yeah
Sam Kinison one of his greatest bits
ever was making fun of people starving
in Africa what yep it was a bit about
those television late-night commercials
where you're sitting at home cooking you
know and well Sam kinnison's bit is a
like a real classic you know it's like
what you helped would you please help
and he's like why don't you help you're
right next to him and he goes why don't
you instead of sending the money or
sending them food he'll send them
something like me sent instead I'm
someone who's gonna go down there go hey
we just drove 5,000 miles with your food
we realized we wouldn't have world
hunger if you people would move where
the food is you'll have it a fucking
desert and it's like this long crazy bit
of Sam Kinison mocking starving people
right but it's hilarious
cuz it's done the right way it's it's he
navigated that minefield where you don't
feel bad he goes you see that see that
you know what it is
it's fucking sand you know it's gonna be
hundred years from now fucking sand we
got deserts in America - we just don't
live it up asshole
and he's doing obviously that's not real
these people are stuck they don't have
the ability they don't have the
resources to get out there's a real
problem they've been there the climate
has changed there's all these real
issues there's all real issues but it's
horrible but you're dying laughing
particularly in 1986 when he did this
but there's there's there's there has to
be like a theory of humor like why
that's funny versus another case where
he's punching down and it's not good
luck here here's the thing about
theories theories are like theories are
prop you probably could in like so you
do a post-mortem on a joke yeah and you
could accurately dissect why it worked I
don't think you could predict how a joke
will work because too many jokes are
dependent upon the personality the
irreverence of perspective cultural
context time yes timing the the
personality the person doing is giant
yes and always had this little smile on
this devious smirk and he could get away
with more fucked up shit because that
was his that was his brand you know like
that wouldn't work with Steven right
Steven Wright who has this sort of
absurdist perspective and you know non
sequitur one-liners if he had a joke
like that it wouldn't work but with
Kennison with the yelling and the anger
and you know and he was fat and ugly and
you know he's always angry that's like
you know we talked about marriage and
getting divorced you felt bad for him
right if Brad Pitt was out there
screaming about getting divorce he buddy
that beautiful fuck he should shut his
mouth he's beautiful
but sick Anderson is like 5 feet tall
and fat and balding he's got a beret on
it's like let him yell yeah I know this
this analysis like the anatomy of human
really fascinates me like why somebody
can get away with it why somebody cannot
and you know I think I remember when
just recently because Ari Shaffir did
that joke about Kobe like right after he
passed away and yeah he was that and
that dub wasn't necessarily a joke which
is also part of the problem it was a
mocking of someone and the joke is in
his mocking if people knew Ari they
would know that he does that whenever
anyone dies including people he loves
that's all his thing and it's fucked up
if you don't know Ari but even if you're
like well I read it I was like oh Jesus
Ari but that's it's I've come to expect
it like he did it when Tom Petty died he
loved Tom Petty he mocked Tom Petty
mercilessly when Tom Petty died when
Aretha Franklin died he mocked her a
merciless Lee you know it's what he does
it's sort of as his signature move and
he takes pleasure in end
his fans think it's hilarious but the
best way to describe it is the way he
looks at it he has a very niche audience
when it comes to that and then that joke
or that thing that he does that's funny
to him and his crazy fans hit a broad
audience yeah and that's when it became
a problem it takes a lot of all through
comedy I really respect that it's so
much it's a strange way to make a living
it especially today well comment re had
a great point about that too Ahri's a
brilliant guy you know you said love was
amazing race' stuff I know no but it's
not supposed to say it's like from 2030
old yeah yeah the one with the that's
Asian driving instructor I would it
drives me hysterical I showed that to a
lot of people and he's a brilliant stand
oh he's a very very funny guy yeah I
forget what I was gonna say about him
but oh yeah he had this point about
comedies like this is a great time for
comedy right now because comedy is
dangerous again like it's really
dangerous again there's actually yeah
yeah it was you could get away it wasn't
there wasn't as many consequences people
could not like it but now with social
media and the canceled culture and
everything like people get really angry
at comedy now whoo no it's not that he's
a masochist it's just that he's an
artist and he loves the fact that you
know it's like it's very punk rock now
you know wild comedy is very punk rock
like you you're bucking a trend but
you're also doing it the delight of
audiences you know I mean if anybody
thinks that you shouldn't say some of
the things I say come see me in an arena
come see 15,000 people screaming
laughing at that I don't think you're
right I think people understand what a
joke is I think people understand that
you're saying things that if you took
them out of context and put them in a
blog it looks horrible but if you're
saying it in the context of comedy when
you know that someone's just fucking
around it's really funny and it's funny
for a REIT cuz people want to release
from all this nonsense they want to
release from this restrictive way of
thinking and talk they want to release
it from being told
what
they want to release from these fucking
kids yelling it's like god dammit what
are we doing here
and that's where comedy comes in yeah
that my release was just moving yes you
know like move to a place that that all
this stuff was possible that we could
laugh at ourselves again but that's
probably why you have this really
interesting perspective is because of
the fact you came from real suppression
yeah you understand real suppression
real consequences you left that and then
you're seeing these minor consequences
and you're like okay you guys this is a
problem like you need to go to
Afghanistan for a couple weeks you need
to see what it's like and like really
suppressive cultures exactly how it
changes your mind how it you end up self
censoring you don't even need the
government to do it anymore after
Worcester you're scared but it doesn't
matter if it's the government or the
Twitter mom after a while the result was
going to be similar even though the
consequences are different and we should
definitely separate that I rather lose
my job than lose my life well it's also
it's in with woke 'no sin particular
like in the propagation of woke 'no sin
in the the promotion of woken us and the
very strict adherence this ideology and
the aggressive takedowns of people that
don't comply you are you're essentially
instigating a sort of totalitarian way
of thinking but it's just in a way that
you think is good but it's still a
totalitarian way of thinking you're
implementing this very rigid ideology
and you're demanding compliance security
yes
and people don't comply you're going
after them that is everything that is
against being a liberal progressive
thinker you're supposed to be a person
who promotes discourse and open-minded
communication and if you write like
Darrell Davis is the best version of
that ever he's the best version of it
because all he is is a musician who is a
very eloquent and articulate person who
had the patience to sit down with people
that believed in
really fucking stupid thing and just
through his mere existence and who he is
as a person
he changed the way they thought that is
so powerful and that's been more
powerful than all the punk should not
see people yes not see people it's such
a problem my friend Kurt was talking to
this guy who is a very prominent
left-wing thinker a very powerful person
and my friend Kurt was talking to him
he's like and the guy was like saying to
him what's wrong with punching a Nazi he
goes here's the problem who's gonna
decide who the Nazi is like we're not
talking about real Nazis when you say
punch in Nazi you might be talking about
your granny who's a Republican because
she likes Trump because Trump believes
in God his granny a Nazi right well
antifa thinks that well at least the New
Jersey antifa things that Darrell Davis
isn't Yahtzee
so yeah you're right the concept creep
but it works to your advantage if if
this is you know it there are people for
whom the incentives are are there to to
make it seem like the enemy is really
that big because then you can implement
all the solutions you want you know the
population gets coward and a fear
basically it's it's a again it's another
totalitarian yeah it's almost like you
click creating intellectual false flags
are you're propping up all the all any
divergence from this rigid ideology is
some horrible fucking thing that needs
to be attacked squashed and poisoned and
lit on fire but ultimately at the end of
the day what we really need to do is
just be nicer to each other and what
part of our problem is lack of
communication and if you go to these
things like when you see someone trying
to close down at christina hoff sommers
speech what you're seeing is them
yelling its yelling its it's like
screaming setting off fire alarms
screaming that people are fascists
that's not communication that's just
like if you're talking to someone like
blah blah blah and then listening to you
blah blah blah it's childish and the
fact that this is all taking place at
universities is so discouraging yeah
yeah and the fact that people think this
it's supported and here's another
problem the people on the left that
aren't that way but think that these
people like auntie fuh are probably good
because they're like the Bulldogs
they're like the attack dogs of the left
and they'll go after the right and
they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll
reinforce our ideas you don't understand
the consequences of this you're just
gonna with with all the energy that goes
in a negative way from the left you're
getting more energy that goes in a
negative way from the right
it's a yin-yang thing it's exact it's
Gillian dialectic pendulum swings swing
yes and it's inevitable it's been a part
of human interaction forever the best
way to communicate with someone is never
yelling at them and screaming at them
the best way is to listen listen to
their ideas and wear them out with logic
where I'm out with long conversations
like the the best way for two people who
have a separate view of the world put
those put those separate views of the
world together sit down you tell me your
view of the world tell me and
particularly we can keep it in a narrow
scope we're both educated about what
we're talking about and we're not
talking about something when the other
person has really no data to draw from
have a conversation sit down talk her
through it's possible we can get back to
doing that
the problem is we're so accustomed over
the last 10 years to communicating
digitally we're so accustomed to blaring
our ideas out and then checking to see
who agrees every five seconds checking
our likes and checking our our comments
this is a non social way of interacting
through social media social revolves
queues people sitting apart from each
other looking into each other's eyes
being in the same space as each other
that's how humans are designed to
communicate that's how we evolved to
communicate so we're basically spending
the vast majority of our time debating
issues in an unnatural way I would say
it's a bit of a luxury now cause like it
feels like it's very easy and very
popular to kind of shit on social media
in general right great aspects for sure
oh my well and you know without it I we
couldn't be reaching part of the world
that that censors things right now do
you and I would have never taught
exactly yeah you would never have this
conversation allows you I think Steven
Pinker wants word about this always like
the difference between common knowledge
and shared knowledge common knowledge is
like we both know something to be true
but shared knowledge is that we know I
know that you know that I know something
so it's recursive and that creates a
very different environment like you know
imagine if you are the one lone atheist
in Saudi Arabia and there was no way for
you to reach other people you would
think you're completely by yourself that
you're the only one that things
different but in the worlds where you
can reach out and you can read other
perspectives all of a sudden you realize
that wait I know that I'm not alone I
know that you know that I know that I'm
you know and it changes how you feel in
terms of just I ideologically just just
safety and it creates real change yes
one of my favorite quotes of all time
was was in this manifesto written I
can't remember the name now but it was
about the you know a free internet and
he said the problem is that we cannot
separate the air that makes wings beat
from the air that chokes and I was like
it's so poetic
because you remember these cases of
these girls that were escaping Saudi
Arabia and then she got locked up in
Thailand and she was saying like I'm
trying to escape from my father he's I
don't want to add a hijab anymore I want
to break out my family would kill me if
they find out I'm you know I don't want
this arranged marriage or whatever and
and the only reason she can reach the
outside world and that activists you
know lawyers heard her story if it
helped her and she got asylum in Canada
because of social media hmm so it's like
the more we want to regulate these
things the more we're making it hard for
a lot of these people who live in still
closed societies because the only way to
get in is through the internet I think
the Internet in general is like most
things there's no it's it's not binary
it's not 1 or 0 it's not great or bad
it's both those things all together
there's amazing aspects of social media
I mean just the the distribution of
information is so radically increased
over the last 10 years but right now
we're focusing so much on the bad yes
you know there was
seem too much on the the way it's used
negatively and and really not accounting
for the things that it has brought yeah
I think you're right yeah
may it's I think all of it is moving in
a good direction this is one of the
reasons why I don't completely hate this
whole woke ideology a mock it like well
saying like when I say I'm in support of
a lot of people like Bernie and people
that go with him because I think they
want good things I think they want a
society that's more kind and inclusive
to be fair Bernie did him like as a
person like himself personally wasn't a
big identity politics guy at all in fact
in 2016 not all you know times have a
bit changed it's just easier to do it
now so you slide right in you get more
support it's just it's a weird it's a
weird battlefield now ideological
battlefield and it's causing the
Democratic Party to split yeah it's cool
what's kind of hilarious
it's just I love fake shit I love when
people like obviously fake I love when
they give fake speeches and they do fake
political things with their thumb in
their hand like that I love that stuff I
just love when they fall into those
patterns just but it makes it oh it's so
obvious
yeah but that's why I got an you Andrew
yang stands out in such stark contrast
like oh who is that guy doing there
seems like a regular guy I'm just really
upset that will never get the image of
Andrew yang doing the whipped cream
bukkake thing in the White House did you
see that was he gonna do the story cream
no he was christening his New Hampshire
office right and then squirting with
cream in people's mouths exactly his
staffers mouth right and it's what's the
funniest thing like like nobody told him
what the optics were right it's white
cream and you're shooting in people's
way and he's on his knees yes that's all
that's wrong but but I'm just upset that
this is not gonna happen the way I was
like I thought that that's it's probably
happening right now with Trump and his
WWE manager
you're probably in the White House right
now doing that exactly that was a really
bad hit piece on Andrea the New York
Times that was so bad that people
started like they had to disable the
comments why did they do that why do
they do those hippies they were finding
disgruntled ex-employees of this to
basically shit on him and like one of
the complaints with that he purchased
people to do karaoke well what a monster
I know I'm like that's the worst we
could find you know in 20 years of
employment history no one is you should
be past your purity test no one no one I
totally agree yeah especially if you
actually turned the light on them
everybody's flawed and especially if you
only highlight those flaws outside of
the context of whatever the fuck they
were talking about in the conversations
they were having and what was going on
and you could make a very distorted
perception of someone by just snipping
and piecing together that's so it that's
why it's so insidious yeah what's also
why it's weird when it's coming from
journalists like you should know what
you're doing you should know that this
is not an accurate or objective analysis
of who this person is or that's what I
mean the person who wrote this article
who you know was like saying oh he's
uncomfortable with language and and
there was something there was some
implication in the piece that like he's
clumsy with how he deals with women
staffers right and it's like yeah okay
this guy is a tech nerd you know like
maybe got some social cue reading such
issues I mean I do too and it's like to
drag someone of you know to basically
like sling mud at somebody like that
it's it's horrible the thing is though
they're doing it because that's what
sells
you know these magazines and newspapers
have become sort of slaves to clickbait
i think they kind of have to get clicks
I mean you talk to people that are
actual journalists now and the pressure
that's on them to get a bunch of clicks
for each article and you know they'll
have editors that change the title of
their articles to make it more salacious
but that's why they did the whole
paywall thing right so the New York
Times transition to subscription for
that purpose that they won't be subject
to the whim so but they still are they
still are because a lot of those things
you get through your Google News feed
and you know you have to click through
to the pay wall if you want to read it
but the initial titles what gets you to
click the link and then you realize it's
paywall you don't just sign up without
reading anything you go there because
there's an article that's interesting to
you right and then you are that confirms
your role of you yes yes or goes against
it you get angry yeah yeah I mean I have
to say it in that regard I'm lucky I
don't have that pressure yeah they just
let me write whatever you know there's
no yeah there's no that's awesome of
that listen I got to wrap this up but I
appreciate what you're doing I think
it's wonderful this idea that you're
getting these books to these people and
converting it converting the languages
so that they can understand some of
these great works and yeah I mean it's a
step in the right direction and again
your Twitter feeds awesome tell people
tell people where they can get ahold of
you on social media um twitter at miss
ms milchin mal cagn my own website I
know but like no that's my rebellion my
millennial rebellion no Instagram okay
yeah well thank you I enjoy talking to
you this is a lot of fun a lot of fun
thank you bye everybody
[Music]